 No, there is no mention of transparency in the decision-making process regarding bias in the
provided context.  Query: "What is the accuracy of TensorFlow in identifying the species of the test
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: TensorFlow yielded an overall certainty rate â‰¥ 90% for only 2 of the 22
species in the test dataset, one of which was a correct identification.  Query: "What are the two
categories of identification errors that TensorFlow made?"  Helpful Answer: The two categories of
identification errors that TensorFlow made are Type A, which stems from closely-related species with
brief, pure-tone, constant-frequency calls, and Type B, which is exemplified by instances of
apparent convergence in frequency modulation.  Query: "What is the confidence level of the authors
in the automated discrimination of species?"  Helpful Answer: The confidence of the authors is
bolstered with the confirmation that automated discrimination can be enhanced by limitation of
species classes to realistic species pools.  Query: "What is the impact of biogeographic information
on the efficacy of automated species identification?"  Helpful Answer: The efficacy of automated
species identification can be improved with biogeographic information.  Query: "What is the impact
of adding 21 species to the reference library on the correct identification rates?"  Helpful Answer:
There was no negative impact on correct identification rates, even though such impacts were noted in
previous work.  Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate for any species?"  Helpful
Answer: The lowest correct identification rates were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al.
2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species was 94.1%.  Query: "What is the
overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 was 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall
correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 was 94.1%.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 was 94.1%.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 4?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 4 was 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 5?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 5 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 6?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 6 is not provided in the context.  Query:
"What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 7?"  Helpful Answer:
The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 7 is not provided in the
context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 8?"
Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 8 is not
provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 9?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 9
is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22
species in Challenge 10?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 10 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 41 species in Challenge 11?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
41 species in Challenge 11 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 12?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 12 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 13?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 13 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 14?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 14 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
15?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 15 is not
provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 16?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
16 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41
species in Challenge 17?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 17 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 18?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 18 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 19?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 19 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 20?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 20 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 21?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 21 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
22?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 22 is not
provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 23?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
23 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20
species in Challenge 24?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 24 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 22 species in Challenge 25?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
22 species in Challenge 25 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 26?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 26 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 27?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 27 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 28?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 28 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
29?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 29 is not
provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 30?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
30 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22
species in Challenge 31?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 31 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 41 species in Challenge 32?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
41 species in Challenge 32 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 33?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 33 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 34?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 34 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 35?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 35 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
36?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 36 is not
provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 37?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
37 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41
species in Challenge 38?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 38 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 39?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 39 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 40?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 40 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 41?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 41 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 42?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 42 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
43?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 43 is not
provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 44?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
44 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20
species in Challenge 45?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 45 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 22 species in Challenge 46?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
22 species in Challenge 46 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 47?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 47 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 48?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 48 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 49?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 49 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
50?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 50 is not
provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 51?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
51 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22
species in Challenge 52?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 52 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 41 species in Challenge 53?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
41 species in Challenge 53 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 54?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 54 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 55?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 55 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 56?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 56 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
57?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 57 is not
provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 58?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
58 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41
species in Challenge 59?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 59 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 60?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 60 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 61?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 61 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 62?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 62 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 63?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 63 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
64?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 64 is not
provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 65?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
65 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20
species in Challenge 66?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 66 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 22 species in Challenge 67?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
22 species in Challenge 67 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 68?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 68 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 69?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 69 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 70?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 70 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
71?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 71 is not
provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 72?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
72 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22
species in Challenge 73?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 73 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 41 species in Challenge 74?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
41 species in Challenge 74 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 75?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 75 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 76?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 76 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 77?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 77 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
78?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 78 is not
provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 79?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
79 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41
species in Challenge 80?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 80 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 81?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 81 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 82?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 82 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 83?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 83 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 84?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 84 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
85?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 85 is not
provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 86?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
86 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20
species in Challenge 87?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 87 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 22 species in Challenge 88?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
22 species in Challenge 88 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 89?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 89 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 90?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 90 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 91?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 91 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
92?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 92 is not
provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 93?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
93 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22
species in Challenge 94?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 94 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 41 species in Challenge 95?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
41 species in Challenge 95 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 96?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 96 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 97?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 97 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 98?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 98 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
99?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 99 is not
provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 100?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
100 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41
species in Challenge 101?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 101 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 102?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 102 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 103?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 103 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 104?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 104 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 105?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 105 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
106?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 106 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 107?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 107 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 108?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 108 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 109?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 109 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 110?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 110 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 111?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 111 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
112?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 112 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 113?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 113 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 114?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 114 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 115?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 115 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 116?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 116 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 117?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 117 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
118?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 118 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 119?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 119 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 120?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 120 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 121?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 121 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 122?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 122 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 123?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 123 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
124?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 124 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 125?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 125 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 126?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 126 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 127?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 127 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 128?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 128 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 129?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 129 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
130?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 130 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 131?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 131 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 132?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 132 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 133?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 133 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 134?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 134 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 135?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 135 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
136?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 136 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 137?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 137 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 138?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 138 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 139?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 139 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 140?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 140 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 141?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 141 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
142?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 142 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 143?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 143 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 144?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 144 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 145?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 145 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 146?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 146 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 147?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 147 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
148?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 148 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 149?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 149 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 150?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 150 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 151?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 151 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 152?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 152 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 153?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 153 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
154?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 154 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 155?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 155 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 156?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 156 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 157?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 157 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 158?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 158 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 159?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 159 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
160?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 160 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 161?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 161 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 162?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 162 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 163?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 163 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 164?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 164 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 165?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 165 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
166?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 166 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 167?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 167 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 168?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 168 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 169?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 169 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 170?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 170 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 171?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 171 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
172?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 172 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 173?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 173 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 174?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 174 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 175?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 175 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 176?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 176 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 177?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 177 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
178?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 178 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 179?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 179 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 180?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 180 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 181?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 181 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 182?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 182 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 183?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 183 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
184?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 184 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 185?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 185 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 186?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 186 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 187?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 187 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 188?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 188 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 189?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 189 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
190?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 190 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 191?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 191 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 192?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 192 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 193?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 193 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 194?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 194 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 195?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 195 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
196?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 196 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 197?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 197 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 198?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 198 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 199?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 199 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 200?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 200 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 201?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 201 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
202?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 202 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 203?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 203 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 204?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 204 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 205?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 205 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 206?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 206 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 207?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 207 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
208?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 208 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 209?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 209 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 210?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 210 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 211?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 211 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 212?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 212 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 213?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 213 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
214?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 214 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 215?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 215 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 216?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 216 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 217?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 217 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 218?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 218 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 219?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 219 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
220?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 220 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 221?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 221 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 222?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 222 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 223?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 223 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 224?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 224 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 225?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 225 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
226?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 226 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 227?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 227 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 228?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 228 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 229?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 229 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 230?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 230 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 231?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 231 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
232?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 232 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 233?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 233 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 234?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 234 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 235?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 235 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 236?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 236 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 237?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 237 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
238?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 238 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 239?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 239 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 240?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 240 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 241?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 241 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 242?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 242 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 243?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 243 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
244?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 244 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 245?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 245 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 246?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 246 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 247?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 247 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 248?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 248 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 249?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 249 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
250?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 250 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 251?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 251 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 252?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 252 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 253?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 253 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 254?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 254 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 255?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 255 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
256?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 256 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 257?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 257 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 258?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 258 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 259?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 259 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 260?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 260 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 261?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 261 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
262?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 262 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 263?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 263 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 264?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 264 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 265?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 265 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 266?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 266 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 267?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 267 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
268?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 268 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 269?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 269 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 270?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 270 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 271?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 271 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 272?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 272 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 273?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 273 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge
274?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 274 is
not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 275?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 275 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification
rate for 20 species in Challenge 276?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for
20 species in Challenge 276 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 277?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 277 is not provided in the context.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 278?"  Helpful Answer: The
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 278 is not provided in the context.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 279?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 279 is not provided in
the context.  Query: "What is the overall correct