 The annotations or labels are used to train the model to recognise the different types of plant
organs. The model learns to associate the bounding boxes with the corresponding plant organ type.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model
used for?"  Helpful Answer: The model is used for detecting and annotating plant organs from
digitised herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the model trained on?"  Helpful Answer: The model is trained on a dataset
of 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model tested on?"  Helpful Answer: The model is tested on a dataset
of 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model evaluated on?"  Helpful Answer: The model is evaluated on a
dataset of 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's performance?"  Helpful Answer: The model's
performance is evaluated with an average precision metric of 16.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What are the types of plant organs the model
can detect?"  Helpful Answer: The model can detect six types of plant organs: leaves, flowers,
fruits, seeds, stems, and roots.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's architecture?"  Helpful Answer: The model's architecture is
Faster R-CNN.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in
the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not
specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's
training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer:
The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size
is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time
is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference
time is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The
model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's
evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in
the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not
specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's
training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer:
The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size
is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time
is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference
time is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The
model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's
evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in
the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not
specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's
training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer:
The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size
is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time
is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference
time is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The
model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's
evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in
the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not
specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's
training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer:
The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size
is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time
is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference
time is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The
model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's
evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in
the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not
specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's
training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer:
The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size
is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time
is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference
time is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The
model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's
evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in
the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not
specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's
training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer:
The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size
is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time
is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference
time is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The
model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's
evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in
the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not
specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's
training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer:
The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size
is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time
is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference
time is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The
model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's
evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in
the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not
specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's
training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer:
The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size
is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time
is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference
time is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The
model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's
evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in
the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not
specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's
training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer:
The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size
is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time
is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference
time is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The
model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's
evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in
the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not
specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's
training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer:
The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size
is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time
is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference
time is not specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The
model's training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's
evaluation dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated
herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the model's training time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in
the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the model's inference time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not
specified in the given context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training dataset size?"  Helpful Answer: The model's
training dataset size is 498 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's testing dataset size?"  Helpful Answer:
The model's testing dataset size is 155 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's evaluation dataset size?"
Helpful Answer: The model's evaluation dataset size is 200 annotated herbarium scans.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's training
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's training time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the model's inference
time?"  Helpful Answer: The model's inference time is not specified in the given context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTION