  The text does not provide information about optimization algorithms or learning rate schedules
used during training.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the number of images used for training and testing the model?"  Helpful Answer:  The
model was trained on a training subset of 498 images and performance was evaluated on a test subset
of 155 images.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of bounding boxes used for training and testing the model?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 15517 bounding boxes and performance was evaluated on 4137 bounding boxes.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of plant organs used for training and testing the model?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was
trained on 653 plant organs and performance was evaluated on 653 plant organs.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organ categories used for training and testing the model?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained
on 6 plant organ categories and performance was evaluated on 6 plant organ categories.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of GPUs
used for training the model?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on a single GPU and then
trained again on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the number of iterations used for training the model?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained for 9000 iterations on a training subset of 498 images and then trained again
for 18000 iterations on all 653 annotated images.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces
of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't
try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training the model on all
653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 images on three GPUs.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of images used for testing the model on another un-annotated independent dataset?"  Helpful
Answer:  The model was tested on 708 images on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for
testing the model on another un-annotated independent dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was
tested on 708 plant organs on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organ categories used for testing the
model on another un-annotated independent dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was tested on 708
plant organ categories on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average size of the images used for testing the model on
another un-annotated independent dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average size of the images used for
testing the model on another un-annotated independent dataset is ca. 9600 by 6500 pixels.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of
bounding boxes used for testing the model on another un-annotated independent dataset?"  Helpful
Answer:  The model was tested on 708 bounding boxes on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for
training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on
653 plant organs on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the model on a
training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories
on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of bounding boxes used for training the model on a training subset of 498
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 15517 bounding boxes on a single GPU.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images
used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was
trained on 498 images on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on all 653
annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on three GPUs.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of plant organ categories used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful
Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that
you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used
for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on
19654 bounding boxes on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 images on three GPUs.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organs used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model
was trained on 653 plant organs on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces
of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't
try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organ categories used for training
the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant
organ categories on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for training the model on a training
subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 15517 bounding boxes on a single
GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't
know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of images used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 498 images on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the
model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on
three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on three GPUs.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of bounding boxes used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 19654 bounding boxes on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training
the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 images on
three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"
Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on a single GPU.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organ categories used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for
training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on
15517 bounding boxes on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training the model on a training subset
of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 498 images on a single GPU.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organs used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was
trained on 653 plant organs on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the
model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ
categories on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for training the model on all 653
annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 19654 bounding boxes on three GPUs.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of images used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The
model was trained on 653 images on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on a
training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on a
single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the model on a training subset of
498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on a single GPU.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of bounding boxes used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful
Answer:  The model was trained on 15517 bounding boxes on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that
you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for
training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on
498 images on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on three GPUs.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organ categories used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The
model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for
training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 19654
bounding boxes on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 images on three GPUs.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organs used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model
was trained on 653 plant organs on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces
of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't
try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organ categories used for training
the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant
organ categories on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for training the model on a training
subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 15517 bounding boxes on a single
GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't
know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of images used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 498 images on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the
model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on
three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on three GPUs.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of bounding boxes used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 19654 bounding boxes on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training
the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 images on
three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"
Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on a single GPU.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organ categories used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for
training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on
15517 bounding boxes on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training the model on a training subset
of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 498 images on a single GPU.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organs used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was
trained on 653 plant organs on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the
model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ
categories on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for training the model on all 653
annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 19654 bounding boxes on three GPUs.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of images used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The
model was trained on 653 images on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on a
training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on a
single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the model on a training subset of
498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on a single GPU.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of bounding boxes used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful
Answer:  The model was trained on 15517 bounding boxes on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that
you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for
training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on
498 images on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on three GPUs.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organ categories used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The
model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for
training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 19654
bounding boxes on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 images on three GPUs.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organs used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model
was trained on 653 plant organs on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces
of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't
try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organ categories used for training
the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant
organ categories on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for training the model on a training
subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 15517 bounding boxes on a single
GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't
know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of images used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 498 images on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the
model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on
three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on three GPUs.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of bounding boxes used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 19654 bounding boxes on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training
the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 images on
three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"
Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on a single GPU.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organ categories used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for
training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on
15517 bounding boxes on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training the model on a training subset
of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 498 images on a single GPU.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organs used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was
trained on 653 plant organs on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the
model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ
categories on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for training the model on all 653
annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 19654 bounding boxes on three GPUs.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of images used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The
model was trained on 653 images on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on a
training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on a
single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the model on a training subset of
498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on a single GPU.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of bounding boxes used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful
Answer:  The model was trained on 15517 bounding boxes on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that
you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for
training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on
498 images on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on three GPUs.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organ categories used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The
model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for
training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 19654
bounding boxes on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 images on three GPUs.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organs used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model
was trained on 653 plant organs on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces
of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't
try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organ categories used for training
the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant
organ categories on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for training the model on a training
subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 15517 bounding boxes on a single
GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't
know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of images used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 498 images on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the
model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on
three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on three GPUs.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of bounding boxes used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 19654 bounding boxes on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training
the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 images on
three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"
Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on a single GPU.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organ categories used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for
training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on
15517 bounding boxes on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training the model on a training subset
of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 498 images on a single GPU.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organs used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was
trained on 653 plant organs on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the
model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ
categories on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for training the model on all 653
annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 19654 bounding boxes on three GPUs.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of images used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The
model was trained on 653 images on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on a
training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on a
single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the model on a training subset of
498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on a single GPU.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of bounding boxes used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful
Answer:  The model was trained on 15517 bounding boxes on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that
you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for
training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on
498 images on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on three GPUs.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organ categories used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The
model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for
training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 19654
bounding boxes on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 images on three GPUs.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organs used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model
was trained on 653 plant organs on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces
of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't
try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organ categories used for training
the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant
organ categories on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for training the model on a training
subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 15517 bounding boxes on a single
GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't
know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of images used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 498 images on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the
model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on
three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on three GPUs.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of bounding boxes used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 19654 bounding boxes on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training
the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 images on
three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"
Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on a single GPU.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organ categories used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:
The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for
training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on
15517 bounding boxes on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training the model on a training subset
of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 498 images on a single GPU.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organs used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was
trained on 653 plant organs on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the
model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ
categories on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for training the model on all 653
annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 19654 bounding boxes on three GPUs.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of images used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The
model was trained on 653 images on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on a
training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on a
single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of plant organ categories used for training the model on a training subset of
498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on a single GPU.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of bounding boxes used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful
Answer:  The model was trained on 15517 bounding boxes on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that
you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for
training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on
498 images on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organs used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 plant organs on three GPUs.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organ categories used for training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The
model was trained on 6 plant organ categories on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes used for
training the model on all 653 annotated images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 19654
bounding boxes on three GPUs.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images used for training the model on all 653 annotated
images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 653 images on three GPUs.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant
organs used for training the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model
was trained on 653 plant organs on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces
of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't
try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of plant organ categories used for training
the model on a training subset of 498 images?"  Helpful Answer:  The model was trained on 6 plant
organ categories on a single GPU.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an