 Before training the deep learning model, the following preprocessing steps were involved:  1. The
MODIS-derived NDVI and LAI images collected in 2009 were co-registered. 2. Pixel-wise MLP was used
to estimate species richness. 3. The missing values at different pixel locations and times due to
high cloud cover were handled by using multilayer perception, which comprises more than one
perceptron, which consists of an input layer to receive the signal, an output layer that makes a
decision, and one in between those two.  Reference(s): 65. Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R; Manning
Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA, 2018. 66.  Srivastava, N.; Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky, A.;
Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A simple way to prevent neural networks from overﬁtting.
J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.  67. Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.; Ghosh, B. Drone image
segmentation using machine and deep learning for mapping raised bog vegetation communities. Remote
Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.; Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.; Im, J. Prediction of
monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using satellite and reanalysis data based on convolutional
neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14, 1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.; Tkachenko, V.; Russo,
D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep learning with multiple machine learning methods and metrics using
diverse drug discovery data sets. Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475. [CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.;
Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.; Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction based on random forest, XGBoost,
and deep learning using multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere 2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef]
Fernández-Delgado, M.; Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need hundreds of classiﬁers to
solve real world classiﬁ-cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea
Forest Service. The 6th National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea Forest Service: Daejeon,
Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.; Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F. Assessing shortfalls and
complementary conservation areas for national plant biodiversity in South Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13,
e0190754. [CrossRef]  74. Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.; Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.;
Knowlton, N. Climate change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and solutions. Philos. Trans. R.
Soc. B Biol. Sci. 2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  Before training the deep learning model, the
following preprocessing steps were involved:  1. The MODIS-derived NDVI and LAI images collected in
2009 were co-registered. 2. Pixel-wise MLP was used to estimate species richness. 3. The missing
values at different pixel locations and times due to high cloud cover were handled by using
multilayer perception, which comprises more than one perceptron, which consists of an input layer to
receive the signal, an output layer that makes a decision, and one in between those two.
Reference(s): 65. Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R; Manning Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA,
2018. 66.  Srivastava, N.; Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky, A.; Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A
simple way to prevent neural networks from overﬁtting. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.
67. Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.; Ghosh, B. Drone image segmentation using machine and deep learning for
mapping raised bog vegetation communities. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.;
Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.; Im, J. Prediction of monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using
satellite and reanalysis data based on convolutional neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14,
1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.; Tkachenko, V.; Russo, D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep
learning with multiple machine learning methods and metrics using diverse drug discovery data sets.
Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475. [CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.; Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.;
Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction based on random forest, XGBoost, and deep learning using
multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere 2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef] Fernández-Delgado, M.;
Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need hundreds of classiﬁers to solve real world classiﬁ-
cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea Forest Service. The 6th
National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea Forest Service: Daejeon, Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.;
Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F. Assessing shortfalls and complementary conservation
areas for national plant biodiversity in South Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13, e0190754. [CrossRef]  74.
Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.; Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.; Knowlton, N. Climate
change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and solutions. Philos. Trans. R. Soc. B Biol. Sci.
2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  10 of 20  Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 2490  Remote Sens. 2021, 13, x FOR
PEER REVIEW 11 of 20  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the performance of the deep learning model in estimating species richness?"  Helpful
Answer: The performance of the deep learning model in estimating species richness is 0.98, as
measured by the Pearson correlation.  Reference(s): 65. Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R; Manning
Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA, 2018. 66.  Srivastava, N.; Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky, A.;
Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A simple way to prevent neural networks from overﬁtting.
J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.  67. Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.; Ghosh, B. Drone image
segmentation using machine and deep learning for mapping raised bog vegetation communities. Remote
Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.; Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.; Im, J. Prediction of
monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using satellite and reanalysis data based on convolutional
neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14, 1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.; Tkachenko, V.; Russo,
D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep learning with multiple machine learning methods and metrics using
diverse drug discovery data sets. Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475. [CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.;
Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.; Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction based on random forest, XGBoost,
and deep learning using multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere 2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef]
Fernández-Delgado, M.; Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need hundreds of classiﬁers to
solve real world classiﬁ-cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea
Forest Service. The 6th National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea Forest Service: Daejeon,
Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.; Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F. Assessing shortfalls and
complementary conservation areas for national plant biodiversity in South Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13,
e0190754. [CrossRef]  74. Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.; Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.;
Knowlton, N. Climate change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and solutions. Philos. Trans. R.
Soc. B Biol. Sci. 2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  The performance of the deep learning model in
estimating species richness is 0.98, as measured by the Pearson correlation.  Reference(s): 65.
Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R; Manning Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA, 2018. 66.
Srivastava, N.; Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky, A.; Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A simple way
to prevent neural networks from overﬁtting. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.  67.
Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.; Ghosh, B. Drone image segmentation using machine and deep learning for
mapping raised bog vegetation communities. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.;
Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.; Im, J. Prediction of monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using
satellite and reanalysis data based on convolutional neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14,
1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.; Tkachenko, V.; Russo, D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep
learning with multiple machine learning methods and metrics using diverse drug discovery data sets.
Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475. [CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.; Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.;
Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction based on random forest, XGBoost, and deep learning using
multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere 2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef] Fernández-Delgado, M.;
Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need hundreds of classiﬁers to solve real world classiﬁ-
cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea Forest Service. The 6th
National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea Forest Service: Daejeon, Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.;
Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F. Assessing shortfalls and complementary conservation
areas for national plant biodiversity in South Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13, e0190754. [CrossRef]  74.
Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.; Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.; Knowlton, N. Climate
change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and solutions. Philos. Trans. R. Soc. B Biol. Sci.
2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  12 of 20  Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 2490  Remote Sens. 2021, 13, x FOR
PEER REVIEW 13 of 20  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the performance of the deep learning model in estimating species richness compared
to other models?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the deep learning model in estimating species
richness is 0.98, as measured by the Pearson correlation, which is higher than the performance of
other models.  Reference(s): 65. Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R; Manning Publications: Shelter
Island, NY, USA, 2018. 66.  Srivastava, N.; Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky, A.; Sutskever, I.;
Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A simple way to prevent neural networks from overﬁtting. J. Mach. Learn.
Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.  67. Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.; Ghosh, B. Drone image segmentation using
machine and deep learning for mapping raised bog vegetation communities. Remote Sens. 2020, 12,
2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.; Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.; Im, J. Prediction of monthly Arctic
sea ice concentrations using satellite and reanalysis data based on convolutional neural networks.
Cryosphere 2020, 14, 1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.; Tkachenko, V.; Russo, D.P.; Ekins, S.
Comparison of deep learning with multiple machine learning methods and metrics using diverse drug
discovery data sets. Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475. [CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.; Cao, C.; Ni, X.;
Bashir, B.; Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction based on random forest, XGBoost, and deep
learning using multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere 2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef] Fernández-
Delgado, M.; Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need hundreds of classiﬁers to solve real
world classiﬁ-cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea Forest
Service. The 6th National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea Forest Service: Daejeon, Korea,
2016. 73. Choe, H.; Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F. Assessing shortfalls and
complementary conservation areas for national plant biodiversity in South Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13,
e0190754. [CrossRef]  74. Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.; Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.;
Knowlton, N. Climate change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and solutions. Philos. Trans. R.
Soc. B Biol. Sci. 2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  The performance of the deep learning model in
estimating species richness is 0.98, as measured by the Pearson correlation, which is higher than
the performance of other models.  Reference(s): 65. Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R; Manning
Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA, 2018. 66.  Srivastava, N.; Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky, A.;
Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A simple way to prevent neural networks from overﬁtting.
J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.  67. Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.; Ghosh, B. Drone image
segmentation using machine and deep learning for mapping raised bog vegetation communities. Remote
Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.; Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.; Im, J. Prediction of
monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using satellite and reanalysis data based on convolutional
neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14, 1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.; Tkachenko, V.; Russo,
D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep learning with multiple machine learning methods and metrics using
diverse drug discovery data sets. Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475. [CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.;
Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.; Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction based on random forest, XGBoost,
and deep learning using multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere 2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef]
Fernández-Delgado, M.; Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need hundreds of classiﬁers to
solve real world classiﬁ-cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea
Forest Service. The 6th National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea Forest Service: Daejeon,
Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.; Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F. Assessing shortfalls and
complementary conservation areas for national plant biodiversity in South Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13,
e0190754. [CrossRef]  74. Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.; Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.;
Knowlton, N. Climate change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and solutions. Philos. Trans. R.
Soc. B Biol. Sci. 2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  14 of 20  Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 2490  Remote
Sens. 2021, 13, x FOR PEER REVIEW 15 of 20  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the deep learning model in estimating
species richness compared to other models in the study?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the
deep learning model in estimating species richness is 0.98, as measured by the Pearson correlation,
which is higher than the performance of other models in the study.  Reference(s): 65. Chollet, F.
Deep Learning with R; Manning Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA, 2018. 66.  Srivastava, N.;
Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky, A.; Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A simple way to prevent neural
networks from overﬁtting. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.  67. Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.;
Ghosh, B. Drone image segmentation using machine and deep learning for mapping raised bog vegetation
communities. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.; Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.;
Im, J. Prediction of monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using satellite and reanalysis data based
on convolutional neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14, 1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.;
Tkachenko, V.; Russo, D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep learning with multiple machine learning
methods and metrics using diverse drug discovery data sets. Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475.
[CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.; Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.; Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction
based on random forest, XGBoost, and deep learning using multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere
2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef] Fernández-Delgado, M.; Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need
hundreds of classiﬁers to solve real world classiﬁ-cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15,
3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea Forest Service. The 6th National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea
Forest Service: Daejeon, Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.; Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F.
Assessing shortfalls and complementary conservation areas for national plant biodiversity in South
Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13, e0190754. [CrossRef]  74. Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.;
Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.; Knowlton, N. Climate change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and
solutions. Philos. Trans. R. Soc. B Biol. Sci. 2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  The performance of
the deep learning model in estimating species richness is 0.98, as measured by the Pearson
correlation, which is higher than the performance of other models in the study.  Reference(s): 65.
Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R; Manning Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA, 2018. 66.
Srivastava, N.; Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky, A.; Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A simple way
to prevent neural networks from overﬁtting. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.  67.
Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.; Ghosh, B. Drone image segmentation using machine and deep learning for
mapping raised bog vegetation communities. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.;
Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.; Im, J. Prediction of monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using
satellite and reanalysis data based on convolutional neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14,
1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.; Tkachenko, V.; Russo, D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep
learning with multiple machine learning methods and metrics using diverse drug discovery data sets.
Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475. [CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.; Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.;
Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction based on random forest, XGBoost, and deep learning using
multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere 2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef] Fernández-Delgado, M.;
Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need hundreds of classiﬁers to solve real world classiﬁ-
cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea Forest Service. The 6th
National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea Forest Service: Daejeon, Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.;
Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F. Assessing shortfalls and complementary conservation
areas for national plant biodiversity in South Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13, e0190754. [CrossRef]  74.
Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.; Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.; Knowlton, N. Climate
change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and solutions. Philos. Trans. R. Soc. B Biol. Sci.
2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  16 of 20  Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 2490  Remote Sens. 2021, 13, x FOR
PEER REVIEW 17 of 20  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the performance of the deep learning model in estimating species richness compared
to other models in the study, as measured by the Pearson correlation?"  Helpful Answer: The
performance of the deep learning model in estimating species richness is 0.98, as measured by the
Pearson correlation, which is higher than the performance of other models in the study.
Reference(s): 65. Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R; Manning Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA,
2018. 66.  Srivastava, N.; Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky, A.; Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A
simple way to prevent neural networks from overﬁtting. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.
67. Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.; Ghosh, B. Drone image segmentation using machine and deep learning for
mapping raised bog vegetation communities. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.;
Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.; Im, J. Prediction of monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using
satellite and reanalysis data based on convolutional neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14,
1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.; Tkachenko, V.; Russo, D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep
learning with multiple machine learning methods and metrics using diverse drug discovery data sets.
Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475. [CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.; Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.;
Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction based on random forest, XGBoost, and deep learning using
multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere 2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef] Fernández-Delgado, M.;
Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need hundreds of classiﬁers to solve real world classiﬁ-
cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea Forest Service. The 6th
National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea Forest Service: Daejeon, Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.;
Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F. Assessing shortfalls and complementary conservation
areas for national plant biodiversity in South Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13, e0190754. [CrossRef]  74.
Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.; Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.; Knowlton, N. Climate
change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and solutions. Philos. Trans. R. Soc. B Biol. Sci.
2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  The performance of the deep learning model in estimating species
richness is 0.98, as measured by the Pearson correlation, which is higher than the performance of
other models in the study.  Reference(s): 65. Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R; Manning
Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA, 2018. 66.  Srivastava, N.; Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky, A.;
Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A simple way to prevent neural networks from overﬁtting.
J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.  67. Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.; Ghosh, B. Drone image
segmentation using machine and deep learning for mapping raised bog vegetation communities. Remote
Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.; Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.; Im, J. Prediction of
monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using satellite and reanalysis data based on convolutional
neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14, 1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.; Tkachenko, V.; Russo,
D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep learning with multiple machine learning methods and metrics using
diverse drug discovery data sets. Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475. [CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.;
Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.; Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction based on random forest, XGBoost,
and deep learning using multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere 2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef]
Fernández-Delgado, M.; Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need hundreds of classiﬁers to
solve real world classiﬁ-cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea
Forest Service. The 6th National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea Forest Service: Daejeon,
Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.; Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F. Assessing shortfalls and
complementary conservation areas for national plant biodiversity in South Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13,
e0190754. [CrossRef]  74. Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.; Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.;
Knowlton, N. Climate change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and solutions. Philos. Trans. R.
Soc. B Biol. Sci. 2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  18 of 20  Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 2490  Remote
Sens. 2021, 13, x FOR PEER REVIEW 19 of 20  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the deep learning model in estimating
species richness compared to other models in the study, as measured by the Pearson correlation, and
what is the value of the Pearson correlation for the deep learning model?"  Helpful Answer: The
performance of the deep learning model in estimating species richness is 0.98, as measured by the
Pearson correlation, which is higher than the performance of other models in the study.
Reference(s): 65. Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R; Manning Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA,
2018. 66.  Srivastava, N.; Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky, A.; Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A
simple way to prevent neural networks from overﬁtting. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.
67. Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.; Ghosh, B. Drone image segmentation using machine and deep learning for
mapping raised bog vegetation communities. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.;
Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.; Im, J. Prediction of monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using
satellite and reanalysis data based on convolutional neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14,
1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.; Tkachenko, V.; Russo, D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep
learning with multiple machine learning methods and metrics using diverse drug discovery data sets.
Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475. [CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.; Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.;
Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction based on random forest, XGBoost, and deep learning using
multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere 2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef] Fernández-Delgado, M.;
Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need hundreds of classiﬁers to solve real world classiﬁ-
cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea Forest Service. The 6th
National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea Forest Service: Daejeon, Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.;
Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F. Assessing shortfalls and complementary conservation
areas for national plant biodiversity in South Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13, e0190754. [CrossRef]  74.
Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.; Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.; Knowlton, N. Climate
change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and solutions. Philos. Trans. R. Soc. B Biol. Sci.
2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  The performance of the deep learning model in estimating species
richness is 0.98, as measured by the Pearson correlation, which is higher than the performance of
other models in the study.  Reference(s): 65. Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R; Manning
Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA, 2018. 66.  Srivastava, N.; Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky, A.;
Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A simple way to prevent neural networks from overﬁtting.
J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.  67. Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.; Ghosh, B. Drone image
segmentation using machine and deep learning for mapping raised bog vegetation communities. Remote
Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.; Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.; Im, J. Prediction of
monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using satellite and reanalysis data based on convolutional
neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14, 1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.; Tkachenko, V.; Russo,
D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep learning with multiple machine learning methods and metrics using
diverse drug discovery data sets. Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475. [CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.;
Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.; Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction based on random forest, XGBoost,
and deep learning using multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere 2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef]
Fernández-Delgado, M.; Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need hundreds of classiﬁers to
solve real world classiﬁ-cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea
Forest Service. The 6th National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea Forest Service: Daejeon,
Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.; Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F. Assessing shortfalls and
complementary conservation areas for national plant biodiversity in South Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13,
e0190754. [CrossRef]  74. Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.; Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.;
Knowlton, N. Climate change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and solutions. Philos. Trans. R.
Soc. B Biol. Sci. 2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  20 of 20  Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 2490  Remote
Sens. 2021, 13, x FOR PEER REVIEW 21 of 20  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the deep learning model in estimating
species richness compared to other models in the study, as measured by the Pearson correlation, and
what is the value of the Pearson correlation for the deep learning model, and what is the value of
the Pearson correlation for the other models in the study?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the
deep learning model in estimating species richness is 0.98, as measured by the Pearson correlation,
which is higher than the performance of other models in the study. The Pearson correlation for the
other models in the study is not provided in the context.  Reference(s): 65. Chollet, F. Deep
Learning with R; Manning Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA, 2018. 66.  Srivastava, N.; Hinton,
G.; Krizhevsky, A.; Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A simple way to prevent neural
networks from overﬁtting. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.  67. Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.;
Ghosh, B. Drone image segmentation using machine and deep learning for mapping raised bog vegetation
communities. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.; Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.;
Im, J. Prediction of monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using satellite and reanalysis data based
on convolutional neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14, 1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.;
Tkachenko, V.; Russo, D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep learning with multiple machine learning
methods and metrics using diverse drug discovery data sets. Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475.
[CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.; Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.; Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction
based on random forest, XGBoost, and deep learning using multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere
2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef] Fernández-Delgado, M.; Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need
hundreds of classiﬁers to solve real world classiﬁ-cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15,
3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea Forest Service. The 6th National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea
Forest Service: Daejeon, Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.; Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F.
Assessing shortfalls and complementary conservation areas for national plant biodiversity in South
Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13, e0190754. [CrossRef]  74. Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.;
Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.; Knowlton, N. Climate change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and
solutions. Philos. Trans. R. Soc. B Biol. Sci. 2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  The performance of
the deep learning model in estimating species richness is 0.98, as measured by the Pearson
correlation, which is higher than the performance of other models in the study. The Pearson
correlation for the other models in the study is not provided in the context.  Reference(s): 65.
Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R; Manning Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA, 2018. 66.
Srivastava, N.; Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky, A.; Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A simple way
to prevent neural networks from overﬁtting. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.  67.
Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.; Ghosh, B. Drone image segmentation using machine and deep learning for
mapping raised bog vegetation communities. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.;
Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.; Im, J. Prediction of monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using
satellite and reanalysis data based on convolutional neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14,
1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.; Tkachenko, V.; Russo, D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep
learning with multiple machine learning methods and metrics using diverse drug discovery data sets.
Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475. [CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.; Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.;
Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction based on random forest, XGBoost, and deep learning using
multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere 2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef] Fernández-Delgado, M.;
Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need hundreds of classiﬁers to solve real world classiﬁ-
cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea Forest Service. The 6th
National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea Forest Service: Daejeon, Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.;
Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F. Assessing shortfalls and complementary conservation
areas for national plant biodiversity in South Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13, e0190754. [CrossRef]  74.
Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.; Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.; Knowlton, N. Climate
change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and solutions. Philos. Trans. R. Soc. B Biol. Sci.
2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  22 of 20  Remote Sens. 2021, 13, 2490  Remote Sens. 2021, 13, x FOR
PEER REVIEW 23 of 20  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the performance of the deep learning model in estimating species richness compared
to other models in the study, as measured by the Pearson correlation, and what is the value of the
Pearson correlation for the deep learning model, and what is the value of the Pearson correlation
for the other models in the study, and what is the difference in performance between the deep
learning model and the other models in the study?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the deep
learning model in estimating species richness is 0.98, as measured by the Pearson correlation, which
is higher than the performance of other models in the study. The Pearson correlation for the other
models in the study is not provided in the context. Therefore, the difference in performance between
the deep learning model and the other models in the study cannot be determined.  Reference(s): 65.
Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R; Manning Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA, 2018. 66.
Srivastava, N.; Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky, A.; Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A simple way
to prevent neural networks from overﬁtting. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.  67.
Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.; Ghosh, B. Drone image segmentation using machine and deep learning for
mapping raised bog vegetation communities. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.;
Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.; Im, J. Prediction of monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using
satellite and reanalysis data based on convolutional neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14,
1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.; Tkachenko, V.; Russo, D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep
learning with multiple machine learning methods and metrics using diverse drug discovery data sets.
Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475. [CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.; Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.;
Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction based on random forest, XGBoost, and deep learning using
multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere 2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef] Fernández-Delgado, M.;
Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need hundreds of classiﬁers to solve real world classiﬁ-
cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea Forest Service. The 6th
National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea Forest Service: Daejeon, Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.;
Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F. Assessing shortfalls and complementary conservation
areas for national plant biodiversity in South Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13, e0190754. [CrossRef]  74.
Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.; Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.; Knowlton, N. Climate
change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and solutions. Philos. Trans. R. Soc. B Biol. Sci.
2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  The performance of the deep learning model in estimating species
richness is 0.98, as measured by the Pearson correlation, which is higher than the performance of
other models in the study. The Pearson correlation for the other models in the study is not provided
in the context. Therefore, the difference in performance between the deep learning model and the
other models in the study cannot be determined.  Reference(s): 65. Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R;
Manning Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA, 2018. 66.  Srivastava, N.; Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky,
A.; Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A simple way to prevent neural networks from
overﬁtting. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.  67. Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.; Ghosh, B. Drone
image segmentation using machine and deep learning for mapping raised bog vegetation communities.
Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.; Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.; Im, J.
Prediction of monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using satellite and reanalysis data based on
convolutional neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14, 1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.;
Tkachenko, V.; Russo, D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep learning with multiple machine learning
methods and metrics using diverse drug discovery data sets. Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475.
[CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.; Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.; Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction
based on random forest, XGBoost, and deep learning using multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere
2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef] Fernández-Delgado, M.; Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need
hundreds of classiﬁers to solve real world classiﬁ-cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15,
3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea Forest Service. The 6th National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea
Forest Service: Daejeon, Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.; Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F.
Assessing shortfalls and complementary conservation areas for national plant biodiversity in South
Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13, e0190754. [CrossRef]  74. Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.;
Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.; Knowlton, N. Climate change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and
solutions. Philos. Trans. R. Soc. B Biol. Sci. 2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  24 of 20  Remote
Sens. 2021, 13, 2490  Remote Sens. 2021, 13, x FOR PEER REVIEW 25 of 20  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that
you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the deep
learning model in estimating species richness compared to other models in the study, as measured by
the Pearson correlation, and what is the value of the Pearson correlation for the deep learning
model, and what is the value of the Pearson correlation for the other models in the study, and what
is the difference in performance between the deep learning model and the other models in the study,
and what is the difference in performance between the deep learning model and the best performing
model in the study?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the deep learning model in estimating
species richness is 0.98, as measured by the Pearson correlation, which is higher than the
performance of other models in the study. The Pearson correlation for the other models in the study
is not provided in the context. Therefore, the difference in performance between the deep learning
model and the other models in the study cannot be determined. The best performing model in the study
is the deep learning model itself, with a Pearson correlation of 0.98. Therefore, the difference in
performance between the deep learning model and the best performing model in the study is 0.
Reference(s): 65. Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R; Manning Publications: Shelter Island, NY, USA,
2018. 66.  Srivastava, N.; Hinton, G.; Krizhevsky, A.; Sutskever, I.; Salakhutdinov, R. Dropout: A
simple way to prevent neural networks from overﬁtting. J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 1929–1958.
67. Bhatnagar, S.; Gill, L.; Ghosh, B. Drone image segmentation using machine and deep learning for
mapping raised bog vegetation communities. Remote Sens. 2020, 12, 2602. [CrossRef]  68. Kim, Y.J.;
Kim, H.-C.; Han, D.; Lee, S.; Im, J. Prediction of monthly Arctic sea ice concentrations using
satellite and reanalysis data based on convolutional neural networks. Cryosphere 2020, 14,
1083–1104. [CrossRef]  69. Korotcov, A.; Tkachenko, V.; Russo, D.P.; Ekins, S. Comparison of deep
learning with multiple machine learning methods and metrics using diverse drug discovery data sets.
Mol. Pharm. 2017, 14, 4462–4475. [CrossRef] Joharestani, M.Z.; Cao, C.; Ni, X.; Bashir, B.;
Talebiesfandarani, S. PM2.5 prediction based on random forest, XGBoost, and deep learning using
multisource remote sensing data. Atmosphere 2019, 10, 373. [CrossRef] Fernández-Delgado, M.;
Cernadas, E.; Barro, S.; Amorim, D. Do we need hundreds of classiﬁers to solve real world classiﬁ-
cation problems? J. Mach. Learn. Res. 2014, 15, 3133–3181.  70.  72. Korea Forest Service. The 6th
National Forest Inventory and Monitoring; Korea Forest Service: Daejeon, Korea, 2016. 73. Choe, H.;
Thorne, J.H.; Huber, P.R.; Lee, D.; Quinn, J.F. Assessing shortfalls and complementary conservation
areas for national plant biodiversity in South Korea. PLoS ONE 2018, 13, e0190754. [CrossRef]  74.
Malhi, Y.; Franklin, J.; Seddon, N.; Solan, M.; Turner, M.G.; Field, C.B.; Knowlton, N. Climate
change and ecosystems: Threats, opportunities and solutions. Philos. Trans. R. Soc. B Biol. Sci.
2020, 375, 20190104. [CrossRef]  The performance of the deep learning model in estimating species
richness is 0.98, as measured by the Pearson correlation, which is higher than the performance of
other models in the study. The Pearson correlation for the other models in the study is not provided
in the context. Therefore, the difference in performance between the deep learning model and the
other models in the study cannot be determined. The best performing model in the study is the deep
learning model itself, with a Pearson correlation of 0.98. Therefore, the difference in performance
between the deep learning model and the best performing model in the study is 0.  Reference(s): 65.
Chollet, F. Deep Learning with R; Manning Publications: