 No, the provided hyperparameters are not fine-tuned. The hyperparameters used in this study are the
default values of the TensorFlow library.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate
for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41
species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate for a
species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rate for a species in
Challenge 3 is 70%, which was for P. isarog and P. sp. 3.  Query: "What is the average certainty
rate for P. sp. 12 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 12 in
Challenge 2 is 38.4%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 is P. guentheri, which was
suggested for 15 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty
rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by
TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty
rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in
Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1
is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful
Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is the
overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp.
4 in Challenge 2 is 87.8%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which
was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for P. sp. 44 in Challenge 2 is 50.1%.  Query: "What is
the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest
certainty rate yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rate
yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 is 38.4%, which was for P. sp. 12.  Query: "What is the average
certainty rate for P. sp. 4 in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: