 The hyperparameters used in the model are:  * Stochastic Gradient Descent optimiser with a learning
rate of 0.0025 and momentum of 0.9. * Anchor generator in the Region Proposal Network with six
anchor scales and three aspect ratios. * Thresholds for non-maximum suppression (NMS) of 0.6 for
training and 0.25 for testing. * Minibatch size of four images per GPU.  Query: "What is the
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 4 and Table 5.
The average precision on these 203 scans is generally higher than the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
subset, with the best AP values for leaves being likely due to the largest set of annotated bounding
boxes. Good values for stems and roots may be explained by the relative uniformity of these organs
throughout the plant kingdom, as compared to the morphologically more diverse flowers and fruits.
Query: "What is the performance of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset?"  Helpful
Answer: The performance of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is shown in Table 3.
The average precision on these 155 scans is 16.8, with the best AP values for leaves being likely
due to the largest set of annotated bounding boxes. Good values for stems and roots may be explained
by the relative uniformity of these organs throughout the plant kingdom, as compared to the
morphologically more diverse flowers and fruits.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding
boxes for each plant organ in the training and test subset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of
annotated bounding boxes for each plant organ in the training and test subset is shown in Table 1.
The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers,
1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images
with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323
for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for
leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What
is the number of taxa of different rank for the three datasets with overlaps at family, genus and
species level?"  Helpful Answer: The number of taxa of different rank for the three datasets with
overlaps at family, genus and species level is shown in Figure 2. The MNHN Paris Herbarium training
and test datasets (P(Tr) and P(Te)) have a total of 105 families, 150 genera, and 150 species in
common with the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset (FR). The MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test
datasets have a total of 105 families, 149 genera, and 149 species in common. The MNHN Paris
Herbarium training and test datasets have a total of 105 families, 149 genera, and 149 species in
common at the species level.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ
in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes
for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Figure 3. The red column
represents the test subset and the blue column represents the training subset. The total number of
annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 4137, with 2051
for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query:
"What is the number of families of labelled specimens (ordered by number of specimens) with number
of labelled plant organs?"  Helpful Answer: The number of families of labelled specimens (ordered by
number of specimens) with number of labelled plant organs is shown in Figure 4. The families with
the most labelled specimens are Asteraceae, Orchidaceae, Poaceae, Fabaceae, and Rubiaceae. The
families with the fewest labelled specimens are Campanulaceae, Caryophyllaceae, Ericaceae,
Gentianaceae, and Lamiaceae.  Query: "What are the difficulties encountered during manual
localisation and labelling of plant organs from specimens?"  Helpful Answer: The difficulties
encountered during manual localisation and labelling of plant organs from specimens include buds,
flowers, and fruits being different stages emerging in the life cycle of plant reproductive organs,
making it difficult to find a clear distinction between these structures. In some taxa, different
plant organs were impossible to separate as these were small and crowded, for example, in dense
inflorescences with bracts and flowers or stems densely covered by leaves. In a few cases, it was
also hard to differentiate from the digital image between roots and stolons or other stem
structures. In all of these cases, the labelled boxes were placed in a way to best characterise the
respective plant organ. Sometimes, this involved including parts of other organs and, at other
times, if sufficient clearly assignable material were available, difficult parts were left out.
Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with
7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots.
The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers,
1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with
2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for
stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems,
and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for
each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has
19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for
seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated
bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78
for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 763 for
flowers, 296 for fruits, 6 for seeds, 961 for stems, and 60 for roots.  Query: "What is the number
of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of annotated bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is shown in Table 1. The complete dataset has 19654 annotated bounding boxes, with 7886 for
leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047 for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The
training subset has 498 images with 7886 annotated bounding boxes for leaves, 3179 for flowers, 1047
for fruits, 4 for seeds, 3323 for stems, and 78 for roots. The test subset has 155 images with 2051
annotated bounding boxes for leaves,