 No, the models are not considered state-of-the-art. The models are based on the Faster R-CNN
architecture, which was first published in 2015. The authors of the study did not claim that their
models are state-of-the-art.  The models used in this study are not considered state-of-the-art. The
models are based on the Faster R-CNN architecture, which was first published in 2015. The authors of
the study did not claim that their models are state-of-the-art.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset
is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
average precision of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The
average precision of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the
context.  The average precision of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is not
provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium dataset (training and
test subset)?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium
dataset (training and test subset) is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium dataset (training and test subset) is 9.7.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium dataset (training and test subset)?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on
the MNHN Paris Herbarium dataset (training and test subset) is 9.7.  The average precision of the
model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium dataset
(training and test subset) is 9.7.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the
model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset
is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on
the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is not
provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the
MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the
context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on
the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is not
provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the
MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset?"  Helpful Answer: The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset
is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset?"  Helpful Answer: The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium
and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in
the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is not
provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the
MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is
not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset and the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7
and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision
of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces
of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't
try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"
Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8
and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training subset is not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision
of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training
subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the
context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision
of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test and training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the
context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.
The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training
subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"
Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset
is not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"  Helpful Answer:
The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is
not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on
the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
and training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is
not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"
Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset
is not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"  Helpful Answer:
The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is
not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on
the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
and training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is
not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"
Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset
is not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"  Helpful Answer:
The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is
not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on
the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
and training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is
not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"
Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset
is not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"  Helpful Answer:
The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is
not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on
the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
and training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is
not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"
Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset
is not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"  Helpful Answer:
The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is
not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on
the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
and training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is
not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"
Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset
is not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"  Helpful Answer:
The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is
not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on
the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
and training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is
not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"
Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset
is not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"  Helpful Answer:
The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is
not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on
the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
and training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is
not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"
Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset
is not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"  Helpful Answer:
The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is
not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on
the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
and training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is
not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"
Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset
is not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"  Helpful Answer:
The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is
not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on
the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
and training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is
not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"
Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset
is not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"  Helpful Answer:
The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset is
not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on
the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
and training subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is not provided in the context.  The average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test and training subset is
not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset and the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset?"
Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset
is not provided in the context.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8, on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 9.7 and on the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training subset is not provided in the context.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset, the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
subset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is 16.8 and on the MNHN Paris Herbarium is not provided in the context and on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test subset is 9.7.  Question: