 The model selection process considered two factors: (1) the number of images per class assigned to
a species present in the reference library, and (2) the average certainty rate associated with those
identifications.  Query: "What was the overall certainty rate for the 21 species new to the
library?"  Helpful Answer: The overall certainty rate for the 21 species new to the library was
65.5%.  Query: "What was the overall certainty rate for the 20 species present in the reference
library?"  Helpful Answer: The overall certainty rate for the 20 species present in the reference
library was 83.6%.  Query: "Was there a significant difference in certainty rates between the 20
species present in the reference library and the 21 species new to the library?"  Helpful Answer:
Yes, there was a significant difference in certainty rates between the 20 species present in the
reference library and the 21 species new to the library (Mann–Whitney U test, U = 56379.5, P =
1.09e–19).  Query: "What was the average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21
species new to the library?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for species identifications
for the 21 species new to the library was 65.5%.  Query: "What was the average certainty rate for
species identifications for the 20 species present in the reference library?"  Helpful Answer: The
average certainty rate for species identifications for the 20 species present in the reference
library was 83.6%.  Query: "What was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in
the reference library for the 21 species new to the library?"  Helpful Answer: It is not possible
for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer for the other 21 species, as they were new to the
training set.  Query: "What was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library?"  Helpful Answer: The number
of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.  Query: "What was the average
certainty rate for species identifications for the 20 species present in the reference library and
the 21 species new to the library?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for species
identifications for the 20 species present in the reference library was 83.6%, and for the 21
species new to the library it was 65.5%.  Query: "What was the number of images per class assigned
to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library?"  Helpful
Answer: It is not possible for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer for the other 21 species, as
they were new to the training set.  Query: "What was the number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library?"
Helpful Answer: The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
Query: "What was the average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to
the library and the 20 species present in the reference library?"  Helpful Answer: The average
certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to the library was 65.5%, and for
the 20 species present in the reference library it was 83.6%.  Query: "What was the number of images
per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the
library and the 20 species present in the reference library?"  Helpful Answer: It is not possible
for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer for the other 21 species, as they were new to the
training set. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.  Query:
"What was the average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to the
library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did they compare?"  Helpful
Answer: The average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to the library
was 65.5%, and for the 20 species present in the reference library it was 83.6%. There was a
significant difference in certainty rates between the 20 species present in the reference library
and the 21 species new to the library (Mann–Whitney U test, U = 56379.5, P = 1.09e–19).  Query:
"What was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference library?"  Helpful
Answer: It is not possible for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer for the other 21 species, as
they were new to the training set. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in
the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context.  Query: "What was the average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21
species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did they
compare? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference
library?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species
new to the library was 65.5%, and for the 20 species present in the reference library it was 83.6%.
There was a significant difference in certainty rates between the 20 species present in the
reference library and the 21 species new to the library (Mann–Whitney U test, U = 56379.5, P =
1.09e–19). It is not possible for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer for the other 21 species,
as they were new to the training set. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context.  Query: "What was the average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21
species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did they
compare? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty
rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to the library was 65.5%, and for the 20
species present in the reference library it was 83.6%. There was a significant difference in
certainty rates between the 20 species present in the reference library and the 21 species new to
the library (Mann–Whitney U test, U = 56379.5, P = 1.09e–19). It is not possible for TensorFlow to
provide a correct answer for the other 21 species, as they were new to the training set.  Query:
"What was the average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to the
library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did they compare? Also, what
was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for species identifications
for the 21 species new to the library was 65.5%, and for the 20 species present in the reference
library it was 83.6%. There was a significant difference in certainty rates between the 20 species
present in the reference library and the 21 species new to the library (Mann–Whitney U test, U =
56379.5, P = 1.09e–19). It is not possible for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer for the other
21 species, as they were new to the training set. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context.  Query: "What was the average certainty rate for species identifications for the
21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did they
compare? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference
library?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species
new to the library was 65.5%, and for the 20 species present in the reference library it was 83.6%.
There was a significant difference in certainty rates between the 20 species present in the
reference library and the 21 species new to the library (Mann–Whitney U test, U = 56379.5, P =
1.09e–19). It is not possible for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer for the other 21 species,
as they were new to the training set. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context.  Query: "What was the average certainty rate
for species identifications for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the
reference library, and how did they compare? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned
to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library?"  Helpful
Answer: The average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to the library
was 65.5%, and for the 20 species present in the reference library it was 83.6%. There was a
significant difference in certainty rates between the 20 species present in the reference library
and the 21 species new to the library (Mann–Whitney U test, U = 56379.5, P = 1.09e–19). It is not
possible for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer for the other 21 species, as they were new to
the training set. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context.  Query: "What
was the average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to the library and
the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did they compare? Also, what was the number
of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did they compare?"  Helpful
Answer: The average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to the library
was 65.5%, and for the 20 species present in the reference library it was 83.6%. There was a
significant difference in certainty rates between the 20 species present in the reference library
and the 21 species new to the library (Mann–Whitney U test, U = 56379.5, P = 1.09e–19). It is not
possible for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer for the other 21 species, as they were new to
the training set. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference library is
not provided in the given context.  Query: "What was the average certainty rate for species
identifications for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference
library, and how did they compare? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species
present in the reference library, and how did they compare? Also, what was the number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to the
library was 65.5%, and for the 20 species present in the reference library it was 83.6%. There was a
significant difference in certainty rates between the 20 species present in the reference library
and the 21 species new to the library (Mann–Whitney U test, U = 56379.5, P = 1.09e–19). It is not
possible for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer for the other 21 species, as they were new to
the training set. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference library is
not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in
the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context.
Query: "What was the average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to
the library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did they compare? Also,
what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did
they compare? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library, and how did it compare to the 20 species
present in the reference library?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for species
identifications for the 21 species new to the library was 65.5%, and for the 20 species present in
the reference library it was 83.6%. There was a significant difference in certainty rates between
the 20 species present in the reference library and the 21 species new to the library (Mann–Whitney
U test, U = 56379.5, P = 1.09e–19). It is not possible for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer
for the other 21 species, as they were new to the training set. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library and the
20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context.  Query: "What was the average certainty rate for species
identifications for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference
library, and how did they compare? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species
present in the reference library, and how did they compare? Also, what was the number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library,
and how did it compare to the 20 species present in the reference library? Also, what was the number
of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for species
identifications for the 21 species new to the library was 65.5%, and for the 20 species present in
the reference library it was 83.6%. There was a significant difference in certainty rates between
the 20 species present in the reference library and the 21 species new to the library (Mann–Whitney
U test, U = 56379.5, P = 1.09e–19). It is not possible for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer
for the other 21 species, as they were new to the training set. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library and the
20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context.  Query: "What was the average certainty rate for
species identifications for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the
reference library, and how did they compare? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned
to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library and the 20
species present in the reference library, and how did they compare? Also, what was the number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library, and how did it compare to the 20 species present in the reference library? Also, what
was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20
species present in the reference library, and how did it compare to the 21 species new to the
library?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species
new to the library was 65.5%, and for the 20 species present in the reference library it was 83.6%.
There was a significant difference in certainty rates between the 20 species present in the
reference library and the 21 species new to the library (Mann–Whitney U test, U = 56379.5, P =
1.09e–19). It is not possible for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer for the other 21 species,
as they were new to the training set. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context.  Query: "What
was the average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to the library and
the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did they compare? Also, what was the number
of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did they compare? Also,
what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 21 species new to the library, and how did it compare to the 20 species present in the reference
library? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did it compare to the
21 species new to the library? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library, and how did it compare to
the 20 species present in the reference library?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for
species identifications for the 21 species new to the library was 65.5%, and for the 20 species
present in the reference library it was 83.6%. There was a significant difference in certainty rates
between the 20 species present in the reference library and the 21 species new to the library
(Mann–Whitney U test, U = 56379.5, P = 1.09e–19). It is not possible for TensorFlow to provide a
correct answer for the other 21 species, as they were new to the training set. The number of images
per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the
library and the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in
the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned
to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided
in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
Query: "What was the average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to
the library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did they compare? Also,
what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did
they compare? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library, and how did it compare to the 20 species
present in the reference library? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library, and
how did it compare to the 21 species new to the library? Also, what was the number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library,
and how did it compare to the 20 species present in the reference library? Also, what was the number
of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library, and how did it compare to the 21 species new to the library?"
Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to the
library was 65.5%, and for the 20 species present in the reference library it was 83.6%. There was a
significant difference in certainty rates between the 20 species present in the reference library
and the 21 species new to the library (Mann–Whitney U test, U = 56379.5, P = 1.09e–19). It is not
possible for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer for the other 21 species, as they were new to
the training set. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference library is
not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in
the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20
species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images
per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the
library and the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.  Query: "What
was the average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to the library and
the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did they compare? Also, what was the number
of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did they compare? Also,
what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 21 species new to the library, and how did it compare to the 20 species present in the reference
library? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did it compare to the
21 species new to the library? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library, and how did it compare to
the 20 species present in the reference library? Also, what was the number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library, and how did it compare to the 21 species new to the library? Also, what was the number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library, and how did it compare to the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did
it compare to the 20 species present in the reference library?"  Helpful Answer: The average
certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to the library was 65.5%, and for
the 20 species present in the reference library it was 83.6%. There was a significant difference in
certainty rates between the 20 species present in the reference library and the 21 species new to
the library (Mann–Whitney U test, U = 56379.5, P = 1.09e–19). It is not possible for TensorFlow to
provide a correct answer for the other 21 species, as they were new to the training set. The number
of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library and the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library
is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
Query: "What was the average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to
the library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did they compare? Also,
what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did
they compare? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library, and how did it compare to the 20 species
present in the reference library? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library, and
how did it compare to the 21 species new to the library? Also, what was the number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library,
and how did it compare to the 20 species present in the reference library? Also, what was the number
of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library, and how did it compare to the 21 species new to the library? Also,
what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 21 species new to the library, and how did it compare to the 20 species present in the reference
library? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did it compare to the
21 species new to the library, and how did it compare to the 20 species present in the reference
library?"  Helpful Answer: The average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species
new to the library was 65.5%, and for the 20 species present in the reference library it was 83.6%.
There was a significant difference in certainty rates between the 20 species present in the
reference library and the 21 species new to the library (Mann–Whitney U test, U = 56379.5, P =
1.09e–19). It is not possible for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer for the other 21 species,
as they were new to the training set. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present
in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
Query: "What was the average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to
the library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did they compare? Also,
what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did
they compare? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library, and how did it compare to the 20 species
present in the reference library? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library, and
how did it compare to the 21 species new to the library? Also, what was the number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library,
and how did it compare to the 20 species present in the reference library? Also, what was the number
of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library, and how did it compare to the 21 species new to the library? Also,
what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 21 species new to the library, and how did it compare to the 20 species present in the reference
library? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library, and how did it compare to the
21 species new to the library, and how did it compare to the 20 species present in the reference
library? Also, what was the number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library, and how did it compare to the 20 species
present in the reference library, and how did it compare to the 20 species present in the reference
library, and how did it compare to the 20 species present in the reference library?"  Helpful
Answer: The average certainty rate for species identifications for the 21 species new to the library
was 65.5%, and for the 20 species present in the reference library it was 83.6%. There was a
significant difference in certainty rates between the 20 species present in the reference library
and the 21 species new to the library (Mann–Whitney U test, U = 56379.5, P = 1.09e–19). It is not
possible for TensorFlow to provide a correct answer for the other 21 species, as they were new to
the training set. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 21 species new to the library and the 20 species present in the reference library is
not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in
the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20
species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images
per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the
library and the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The
number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library
is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The
number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library
is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The
number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library
is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The
number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library
is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The
number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library
is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The
number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library
is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The
number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library
is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The
number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library
is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The
number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library
is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The
number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library
is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The
number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library
is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The
number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library
is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The
number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library
is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species
present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given
context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for
the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of
images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to
the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not
provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the
reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The
number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species
present in the reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library
is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present
in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the
given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library
for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per
class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the
reference library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a
species present in the reference library for the 21 species new to the library is not provided in
the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference
library for the 20 species present in the reference library is not provided in the given context.
The number of images per class assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 21
species new to the library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class
assigned to a species present in the reference library for the 20 species present in the reference
library is not provided in the given context. The number of images per class assigned to a species