 The versioning strategy for trained models is not specified in the provided text.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of
bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:
The number of bounding boxes for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is
as follows:  Category  Bounding Boxes  Leaf  3362  Flower  1921  Fruit  183  Seed  47  Stem  1063
Root  117  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What
is the average precision of the model for each organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for each organ in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is as follows:  Category  AP  Leaf  37.9  Flower  18.3  Fruit
7.9  Seed  0.0  Stem  25.1  Root  11.8  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for each organ in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for each organ in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that
you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for
each organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding
boxes for each organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not provided in the text.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
versioning strategy for the annotated datasets?"  Helpful Answer: The versioning strategy for the
annotated datasets is not specified in the provided text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
annotated dataset is 653.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"
Helpful Answer: The number of images in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 155.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of bounding boxes for each organ in the complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of
bounding boxes for each organ in the complete dataset is as follows:  Category  Bounding Boxes  Leaf
9937  Flower  3942  Fruit  1343  Seed  10  Stem  4284  Root  138  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the complete
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in the complete dataset is 653.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of
bounding boxes for each organ in the training subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"
Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each organ in the training subset of the MNHN Paris
Herbarium annotated dataset is as follows:  Category  Bounding Boxes  Leaf  7886  Flower  3179
Fruit  1047  Seed  4  Stem  3323  Root  78  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each organ in the test
subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes
for each organ in the test subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is as follows:
Category  Bounding Boxes  Leaf  2051  Flower  763  Fruit  296  Seed  6  Stem  961  Root  60
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
average precision of the model for the complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of
the model for the complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for
the training subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average
precision of the model for the training subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not
provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the test subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium
annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the test subset of the
MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each
organ in the training subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:
The number of bounding boxes for each organ in the training subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each organ in the test
subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding
boxes for each organ in the test subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is not
provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the number of images in the training subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in the training subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium
annotated dataset is 498.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the test subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium
annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in the test subset of the MNHN Paris
Herbarium annotated dataset is 155.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the training subset of the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in the training subset of
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images
in the test subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number
of images in the test subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is not provided in
the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What
is the average precision of the model for the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"
Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset is 16.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the average precision of the model for the leaf organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the leaf organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 37.9.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the flower
organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision
of the model for the flower organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 18.3.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
average precision of the model for the fruit organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the fruit organ in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 7.9.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the seed organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model
for the seed organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 0.0.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision
of the model for the stem organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model for the stem organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 25.1.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the root organ in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the
root organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that
you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model
for the leaf organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average
precision of the model for the leaf organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not
provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the flower organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the flower organ in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for
the fruit organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average
precision of the model for the fruit organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not
provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the seed organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the seed organ in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for
the stem organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average
precision of the model for the stem organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not
provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the root organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the root organ in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for
the leaf organ in the complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the
leaf organ in the complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for
the flower organ in the complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for
the flower organ in the complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for
the fruit organ in the complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for
the fruit organ in the complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for
the seed organ in the complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the
seed organ in the complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for
the stem organ in the complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the
stem organ in the complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for
the root organ in the complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the
root organ in the complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each
organ in the training subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
number of bounding boxes for each organ in the training subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated
dataset is as follows:  Category  Bounding Boxes  Leaf  7886  Flower  3179  Fruit  1047  Seed  4
Stem  3323  Root  78  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each organ in the test subset of the MNHN Paris
Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each organ in the
test subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is as follows:  Category  Bounding Boxes
Leaf  2051  Flower  763  Fruit  296  Seed  6  Stem  961  Root  60  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each
organ in the training subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:
The number of bounding boxes for each organ in the training subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each organ in the test
subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding
boxes for each organ in the test subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is not
provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the number of images in the training subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in the training subset of the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the test subset
of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in the
test subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is not provided in the text.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
average precision of the model for the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model for the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is
16.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What
is the average precision of the model for the leaf organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the leaf organ in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 37.9.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the flower organ in
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the
model for the flower organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 18.3.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision
of the model for the fruit organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model for the fruit organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 7.9.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the seed organ in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the
seed organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 0.0.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that
you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model
for the stem organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
average precision of the model for the stem organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset is 25.1.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query.
If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the average precision of the model for the root organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the root organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the leaf
organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the
model for the leaf organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not provided in the text.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
average precision of the model for the flower organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"
Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the flower organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the fruit organ in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the
fruit organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision
of the model for the seed organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
average precision of the model for the seed organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is
not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the stem organ in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the stem organ
in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision
of the model for the root organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
average precision of the model for the root organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is
not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the leaf organ in the complete
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the leaf organ in the complete
dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the flower organ in the
complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the flower organ in the
complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the fruit organ in the
complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the fruit organ in the
complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the seed organ in the
complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the seed organ in the
complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the stem organ in the
complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the stem organ in the
complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the root organ in the
complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the root organ in the
complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each organ in the complete
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each organ in the complete dataset is as
follows:  Category  Bounding Boxes  Leaf  9937  Flower  3942  Fruit  1343  Seed  10  Stem  4284
Root  138  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What
is the number of images in the complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in the
complete dataset is 653.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each organ in the training subset of the MNHN Paris
Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each organ in the
training subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is as follows:  Category  Bounding
Boxes  Leaf  7886  Flower  3179  Fruit  1047  Seed  4  Stem  3323  Root  78  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of
bounding boxes for each organ in the test subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"
Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each organ in the test subset of the MNHN Paris
Herbarium annotated dataset is as follows:  Category  Bounding Boxes  Leaf  2051  Flower  763  Fruit
296  Seed  6  Stem  961  Root  60  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each organ in the training subset of
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for
each organ in the training subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is not
provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each organ in the test subset of the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each organ in
the test subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is not provided in the text.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of images in the training subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The number of images in the training subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is
498.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't
know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of images in the test subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:
The number of images in the test subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is 155.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of images in the training subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"
Helpful Answer: The number of images in the training subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the test subset of the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in the test subset of the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that
you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model
for the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the
model for the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for
the leaf organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average
precision of the model for the leaf organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is
37.9.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What
is the average precision of the model for the flower organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the flower organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 18.3.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the fruit
organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision
of the model for the fruit organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 7.9.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
average precision of the model for the seed organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the seed organ in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 0.0.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the stem organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model
for the stem organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 25.1.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision
of the model for the root organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model for the root organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the leaf organ in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the leaf organ
in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision
of the model for the flower organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:
The average precision of the model for the flower organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated
dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the fruit organ in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the
fruit organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision
of the model for the seed organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
average precision of the model for the seed organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is
not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the stem organ in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the stem organ
in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision
of the model for the root organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
average precision of the model for the root organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is
not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the leaf organ in the complete
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the leaf organ in the complete
dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the flower organ in the
complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the flower organ in the
complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the fruit organ in the
complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the fruit organ in the
complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the seed organ in the
complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the seed organ in the
complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the stem organ in the
complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the stem organ in the
complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the root organ in the
complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the root organ in the
complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each organ in the training
subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes
for each organ in the training subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is as follows:
Category  Bounding Boxes  Leaf  7886  Flower  3179  Fruit  1047  Seed  4  Stem  3323  Root  78
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of bounding boxes for each organ in the test subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each organ in the test subset of the
MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is as follows:  Category  Bounding Boxes  Leaf  2051  Flower
763  Fruit  296  Seed  6  Stem  961  Root  60  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each organ in the training
subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding
boxes for each organ in the training subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is
not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each organ in the test subset of the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for
each organ in the test subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is not provided in
the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What
is the number of images in the training subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"
Helpful Answer: The number of images in the training subset of the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the test subset of the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in the test subset of the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS:
Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that
you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model
for the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the
model for the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for
the leaf organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average
precision of the model for the leaf organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is
37.9.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What
is the average precision of the model for the flower organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the flower organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 18.3.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the fruit
organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision
of the model for the fruit organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 7.9.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
average precision of the model for the seed organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the seed organ in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 0.0.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the stem organ in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model
for the stem organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 25.1.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision
of the model for the root organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful
Answer: The average precision of the model for the root organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the leaf organ in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the leaf organ
in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision
of the model for the flower organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:
The average precision of the model for the flower organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated
dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the fruit organ in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the
fruit organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision
of the model for the seed organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
average precision of the model for the seed organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is
not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the stem organ in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the stem organ
in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision
of the model for the root organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
average precision of the model for the root organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is
not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer
the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an
answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the leaf organ in the complete
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the leaf organ in the complete
dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context
to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make
up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the flower organ in the
complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the flower organ in the
complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the fruit organ in the
complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the fruit organ in the
complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the seed organ in the
complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the seed organ in the
complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the stem organ in the
complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the stem organ in the
complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the average precision of the model for the root organ in the
complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of the model for the root organ in the
complete dataset is not provided in the text.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each organ in the complete
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each organ in the complete dataset is as
follows:  Category  Bounding Boxes  Leaf  9937  Flower  3942  Fruit  1343  Seed  10  Stem  4284
Root  138  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What
is the number of images in the complete dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in the
complete dataset is 653.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the
query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.
Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each organ in the training subset of the MNHN Paris
Herbarium annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each organ in the
training subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset is as follows:  Category  Bounding
Boxes  Leaf  7886  Flower  3179  Fruit  1047  Seed  4  Stem  3323  Root  78  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of
bounding boxes for each organ in the test subset of the MNHN Paris Herbarium annotated dataset?"
Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each organ in the test subset of the MNHN Paris
Herbarium annotated dataset is as follows:  Category  Bounding Boxes  Leaf  2051  Flower  763  Fruit
296  Seed  6  Stem  961  Root  60  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up