 The text does not provide information about specific weight configurations used during
initialization.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.
Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al.
2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful
Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested
for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate
for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20
species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22
species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The
lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P.
sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-
yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).
Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most
frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2
is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12
(onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with
a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.
Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al.
2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful
Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested
for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate
for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20
species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22
species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The
lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P.
sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-
yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).
Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most
frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"
Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp.
3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P.
guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the
overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall
correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate
in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2
were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4%
average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with
a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which
was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct
identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in
Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What
is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by
TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed
“churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty
rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query:
"What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer:
The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the
lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct
identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with
70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The
most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2
is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12
(onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with
a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.
Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al.
2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful
Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested
for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate
for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20
species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22
species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The
lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P.
sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-
yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).
Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most
frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"
Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp.
3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P.
guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the
overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall
correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate
in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2
were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4%
average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with
a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which
was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct
identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in
Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What
is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by
TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed
“churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty
rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query:
"What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer:
The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the
lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct
identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with
70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The
most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2
is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12
(onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with
a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.
Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al.
2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful
Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested
for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate
for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20
species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22
species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The
lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P.
sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-
yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).
Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most
frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"
Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp.
3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P.
guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the
overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall
correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate
in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2
were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4%
average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with
a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which
was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct
identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in
Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What
is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by
TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed
“churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty
rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query:
"What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer:
The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the
lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct
identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with
70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The
most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2
is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12
(onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with
a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.
Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al.
2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful
Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested
for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate
for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20
species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22
species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The
lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P.
sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-
yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).
Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most
frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"
Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp.
3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P.
guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the
overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall
correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate
in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2
were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4%
average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with
a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which
was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct
identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in
Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What
is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by
TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed
“churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty
rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query:
"What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer:
The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the
lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct
identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with
70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The
most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2
is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12
(onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with
a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.
Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al.
2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful
Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested
for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate
for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20
species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22
species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The
lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P.
sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-
yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).
Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most
frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"
Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp.
3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P.
guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the
overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall
correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate
in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2
were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4%
average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with
a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which
was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct
identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in
Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What
is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by
TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed
“churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty
rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query:
"What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer:
The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the
lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct
identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with
70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The
most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2
is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12
(onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with
a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.
Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al.
2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful
Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested
for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate
for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20
species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22
species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The
lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P.
sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-
yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).
Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most
frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"
Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp.
3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P.
guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the
overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall
correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate
in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2
were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4%
average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with
a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which
was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct
identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in
Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What
is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by
TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed
“churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty
rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query:
"What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer:
The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the
lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct
identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with
70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The
most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2
is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12
(onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with
a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.
Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al.
2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful
Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested
for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate
for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20
species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22
species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The
lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P.
sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-
yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).
Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most
frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"
Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp.
3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P.
guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the
overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall
correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate
in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2
were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4%
average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with
a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which
was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct
identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in
Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What
is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by
TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed
“churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty
rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query:
"What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer:
The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the
lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct
identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with
70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The
most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2
is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12
(onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with
a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge
3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.
Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al.
2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful
Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested
for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate
for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20
species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22
species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The
lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P.
sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-
yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).
Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most
frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species
in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in
Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"
Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp.
3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P.
guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the
overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall
correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall
correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate
in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2
were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4%
average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty rate), and P. biak (with
a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge
2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which
was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct
identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the lowest correct
identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct identification rates in
Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with 70%.  Query: "What is
the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41 species in the
test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge
1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in Challenge 1 is 94.3%.
Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful
Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2 is 90%.  Query: "What
is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest certainty rates yielded by
TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12 (onomatopoeically nicknamed
“churink” with a 38.4% average certainty rate), P. sp. 44 (“Ee-yow” with a 50.1% average certainty
rate), and P. biak (with a 51.7% average certainty rate).  Query: "What is the most frequently
suggested species in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The most frequently suggested species in
Challenge 2 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 10 of 22 species in the test dataset.  Query:
"What is the overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer:
The overall correct identification rate for 41 species in Challenge 3 is 94.1%.  Query: "What is the
lowest correct identification rate in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest correct
identification rates in Challenge 3 were for P. isarog and P. sp. 3 (sensu Brown et al. 2015b) with
70%.  Query: "What is the most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3?"  Helpful Answer: The
most frequently suggested species in Challenge 3 was P. guentheri, which was suggested for 15 of 41
species in the test dataset.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 20 species
in Challenge 1?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 20 species in
Challenge 1 is 94.3%.  Query: "What is the overall correct identification rate for 22 species in
Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The overall correct identification rate for 22 species in Challenge 2
is 90%.  Query: "What is the lowest certainty rate in Challenge 2?"  Helpful Answer: The lowest
certainty rates yielded by TensorFlow in Challenge 2 were for three undescribed species, P. sp. 12
(onomatopoeically nicknamed “churink” with a 38.4%