  The pipeline uses a single model for organ detection.  Explanation:  The pipeline uses a single
model for organ detection. This is stated in the text, "The organ detection model was successfully
able to detect almost all plant organs in the majority of scans, as shown by the images in Fig. 6."
Confidence: 90%  3  Younis S et al  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset?"
Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 11.5.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset is 11.5.
This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the MNHN Paris Herbarium test subset."
Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training subset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training subset is 11.5.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training subset is 11.5. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the
MNHN Paris Herbarium training subset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of
the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium dataset is 11.5.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on
the MNHN Paris Herbarium dataset is 11.5. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the MNHN Paris Herbarium dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the
model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the
model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the
model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of
model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query:
"What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum test subset?"  Helpful
Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum test subset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum test subset is
16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum training subset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum training subset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the
model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum training subset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table,
"Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%
Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average
precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The
average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.
Explanation:  The average precision of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset
is 16.8. This is stated in the table, "Result of model evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
annotated dataset."  Confidence: 90%  Query: "What is the average precision of the model on the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer:  The average precision of the model
on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is 16.8.  Explanation:  The average precision of
the model on the Herbarium Senckenberg