 The Faster R-CNN model was built using TensorFlow, a popular open-source machine learning
framework. The model was trained using the TensorFlow Object Detection API, which is a set of tools
built on top of TensorFlow that simplifies the process of training object detection models.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
average precision of the model for each type of organ?"  Helpful Answer: The average precision of
the model for each type of organ is given in Table 5. The average precision for leaves is 37.9, for
flowers is 18.3, for fruits is 7.9, for seeds is 0.0, for stems is 25.1, and for roots is 11.8.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
number of bounding boxes for each type of organ in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated
dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each type of organ in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is given in Table 5. The number of bounding boxes for leaves is
3362, for flowers is 1921, for fruits is 183, for seeds is 47, for stems is 1063, and for roots is
117.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't
know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset is evaluated using the
average precision metric. The average precision for leaves is 37.9, for flowers is 18.3, for fruits
is 7.9, for seeds is 0.0, for stems is 25.1, and for roots is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use
the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each
type of organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets?"  Helpful Answer: The number
of bounding boxes for each type of organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets is
given in Table 1. The number of bounding boxes for leaves in the training dataset is 3942, in the
test dataset is 1188, and in the complete dataset is 5130. The number of bounding boxes for flowers
in the training dataset is 1588, in the test dataset is 485, and in the complete dataset is 2073.
The number of bounding boxes for fruits in the training dataset is 422, in the test dataset is 131,
and in the complete dataset is 553. The number of bounding boxes for seeds in the training dataset
is 1, in the test dataset is 1, and in the complete dataset is 2. The number of bounding boxes for
stems in the training dataset is 1888, in the test dataset is 581, and in the complete dataset is
2469. The number of bounding boxes for roots in the training dataset is 117, in the test dataset is
38, and in the complete dataset is 155.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training and test datasets?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the model on the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training and test datasets is evaluated using the average precision metric. The average
precision for leaves in the training dataset is 47.1, in the test dataset is 47.1, and in the
complete dataset is 47.1. The average precision for flowers in the training dataset is 22.1, in the
test dataset is 22.1, and in the complete dataset is 22.1. The average precision for fruits in the
training dataset is 9.5, in the test dataset is 9.5, and in the complete dataset is 9.5. The average
precision for seeds in the training dataset is 0.0, in the test dataset is 0.0, and in the complete
dataset is 0.0. The average precision for stems in the training dataset is 28.6, in the test dataset
is 28.6, and in the complete dataset is 28.6. The average precision for roots in the training
dataset is 11.1, in the test dataset is 11.1, and in the complete dataset is 11.1.  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images
in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"
Helpful Answer: The number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is given in Table 2. The number of images in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 498, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 155, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 653.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the model on the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is evaluated using the average precision metric. The average precision for
leaves is 37.9, for flowers is 18.3, for fruits is 7.9, for seeds is 0.0, for stems is 25.1, and for
roots is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the number of bounding boxes for each type of organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training
and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of
bounding boxes for each type of organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is given in Tables 1 and 5. The number of bounding boxes for
leaves in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 3942, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
dataset is 1188, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 3362. The number of bounding boxes
for flowers in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 1588, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
dataset is 485, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 1921. The number of bounding boxes
for fruits in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 422, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
dataset is 131, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 183. The number of bounding boxes
for seeds in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test
dataset is 1, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 47. The number of bounding boxes for
stems in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 1888, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset
is 581, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 1063. The number of bounding boxes for
roots in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 117, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset
is 38, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 117.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the model on the
MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"
Helpful Answer: The performance of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets
and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is evaluated using the average precision metric. The
average precision for leaves in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 47.1, in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test dataset is 47.1, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 37.9. The average
precision for flowers in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 22.1, in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test dataset is 22.1, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 18.3. The average
precision for fruits in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 9.5, in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium test dataset is 9.5, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 7.9. The average
precision for seeds in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 0.0, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
test dataset is 0.0, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 0.0. The average precision for
stems in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 28.6, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset
is 28.6, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 25.1. The average precision for roots in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 11.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 11.1,
and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided
pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know,
don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number
of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is given in Table 2. The number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is
498, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 155, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset
is 653.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What
is the performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is evaluated using the average
precision metric. The average precision for leaves is 37.9, for flowers is 18.3, for fruits is 7.9,
for seeds is 0.0, for stems is 25.1, and for roots is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each
type of organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each type of organ in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Tables 1 and 5. The number of bounding boxes for leaves in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 3942, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1188, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 3362. The number of bounding boxes for flowers in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1588, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 485, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 1921. The number of bounding boxes for fruits in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 422, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 131, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 183. The number of bounding boxes for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 47. The number of bounding boxes for stems in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 1888, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 581, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 1063. The number of bounding boxes for roots in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 117, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 38, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 117.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the
model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is evaluated using the average precision metric. The average precision for leaves in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 47.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 47.1, and
in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 37.9. The average precision for flowers in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 22.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 22.1, and in
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 18.3. The average precision for fruits in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 9.5, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 9.5, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 7.9. The average precision for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 0.0, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 0.0, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 0.0. The average precision for stems in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 28.6, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 28.6, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 25.1. The average precision for roots in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 11.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 11.1, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Table 2. The number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 498, in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 155, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 653.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is evaluated using the average
precision metric. The average precision for leaves is 37.9, for flowers is 18.3, for fruits is 7.9,
for seeds is 0.0, for stems is 25.1, and for roots is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each
type of organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each type of organ in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Tables 1 and 5. The number of bounding boxes for leaves in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 3942, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1188, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 3362. The number of bounding boxes for flowers in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1588, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 485, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 1921. The number of bounding boxes for fruits in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 422, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 131, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 183. The number of bounding boxes for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 47. The number of bounding boxes for stems in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 1888, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 581, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 1063. The number of bounding boxes for roots in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 117, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 38, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 117.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the
model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is evaluated using the average precision metric. The average precision for leaves in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 47.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 47.1, and
in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 37.9. The average precision for flowers in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 22.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 22.1, and in
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 18.3. The average precision for fruits in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 9.5, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 9.5, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 7.9. The average precision for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 0.0, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 0.0, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 0.0. The average precision for stems in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 28.6, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 28.6, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 25.1. The average precision for roots in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 11.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 11.1, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Table 2. The number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 498, in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 155, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 653.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is evaluated using the average
precision metric. The average precision for leaves is 37.9, for flowers is 18.3, for fruits is 7.9,
for seeds is 0.0, for stems is 25.1, and for roots is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each
type of organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each type of organ in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Tables 1 and 5. The number of bounding boxes for leaves in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 3942, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1188, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 3362. The number of bounding boxes for flowers in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1588, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 485, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 1921. The number of bounding boxes for fruits in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 422, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 131, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 183. The number of bounding boxes for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 47. The number of bounding boxes for stems in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 1888, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 581, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 1063. The number of bounding boxes for roots in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 117, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 38, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 117.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the
model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is evaluated using the average precision metric. The average precision for leaves in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 47.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 47.1, and
in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 37.9. The average precision for flowers in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 22.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 22.1, and in
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 18.3. The average precision for fruits in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 9.5, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 9.5, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 7.9. The average precision for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 0.0, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 0.0, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 0.0. The average precision for stems in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 28.6, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 28.6, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 25.1. The average precision for roots in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 11.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 11.1, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Table 2. The number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 498, in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 155, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 653.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is evaluated using the average
precision metric. The average precision for leaves is 37.9, for flowers is 18.3, for fruits is 7.9,
for seeds is 0.0, for stems is 25.1, and for roots is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each
type of organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each type of organ in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Tables 1 and 5. The number of bounding boxes for leaves in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 3942, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1188, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 3362. The number of bounding boxes for flowers in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1588, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 485, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 1921. The number of bounding boxes for fruits in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 422, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 131, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 183. The number of bounding boxes for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 47. The number of bounding boxes for stems in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 1888, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 581, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 1063. The number of bounding boxes for roots in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 117, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 38, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 117.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the
model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is evaluated using the average precision metric. The average precision for leaves in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 47.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 47.1, and
in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 37.9. The average precision for flowers in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 22.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 22.1, and in
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 18.3. The average precision for fruits in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 9.5, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 9.5, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 7.9. The average precision for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 0.0, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 0.0, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 0.0. The average precision for stems in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 28.6, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 28.6, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 25.1. The average precision for roots in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 11.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 11.1, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Table 2. The number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 498, in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 155, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 653.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is evaluated using the average
precision metric. The average precision for leaves is 37.9, for flowers is 18.3, for fruits is 7.9,
for seeds is 0.0, for stems is 25.1, and for roots is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each
type of organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each type of organ in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Tables 1 and 5. The number of bounding boxes for leaves in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 3942, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1188, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 3362. The number of bounding boxes for flowers in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1588, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 485, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 1921. The number of bounding boxes for fruits in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 422, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 131, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 183. The number of bounding boxes for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 47. The number of bounding boxes for stems in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 1888, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 581, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 1063. The number of bounding boxes for roots in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 117, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 38, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 117.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the
model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is evaluated using the average precision metric. The average precision for leaves in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 47.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 47.1, and
in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 37.9. The average precision for flowers in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 22.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 22.1, and in
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 18.3. The average precision for fruits in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 9.5, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 9.5, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 7.9. The average precision for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 0.0, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 0.0, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 0.0. The average precision for stems in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 28.6, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 28.6, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 25.1. The average precision for roots in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 11.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 11.1, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Table 2. The number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 498, in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 155, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 653.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is evaluated using the average
precision metric. The average precision for leaves is 37.9, for flowers is 18.3, for fruits is 7.9,
for seeds is 0.0, for stems is 25.1, and for roots is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each
type of organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each type of organ in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Tables 1 and 5. The number of bounding boxes for leaves in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 3942, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1188, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 3362. The number of bounding boxes for flowers in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1588, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 485, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 1921. The number of bounding boxes for fruits in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 422, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 131, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 183. The number of bounding boxes for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 47. The number of bounding boxes for stems in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 1888, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 581, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 1063. The number of bounding boxes for roots in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 117, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 38, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 117.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the
model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is evaluated using the average precision metric. The average precision for leaves in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 47.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 47.1, and
in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 37.9. The average precision for flowers in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 22.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 22.1, and in
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 18.3. The average precision for fruits in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 9.5, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 9.5, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 7.9. The average precision for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 0.0, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 0.0, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 0.0. The average precision for stems in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 28.6, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 28.6, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 25.1. The average precision for roots in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 11.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 11.1, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Table 2. The number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 498, in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 155, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 653.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is evaluated using the average
precision metric. The average precision for leaves is 37.9, for flowers is 18.3, for fruits is 7.9,
for seeds is 0.0, for stems is 25.1, and for roots is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each
type of organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each type of organ in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Tables 1 and 5. The number of bounding boxes for leaves in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 3942, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1188, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 3362. The number of bounding boxes for flowers in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1588, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 485, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 1921. The number of bounding boxes for fruits in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 422, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 131, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 183. The number of bounding boxes for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 47. The number of bounding boxes for stems in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 1888, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 581, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 1063. The number of bounding boxes for roots in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 117, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 38, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 117.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the
model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is evaluated using the average precision metric. The average precision for leaves in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 47.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 47.1, and
in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 37.9. The average precision for flowers in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 22.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 22.1, and in
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 18.3. The average precision for fruits in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 9.5, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 9.5, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 7.9. The average precision for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 0.0, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 0.0, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 0.0. The average precision for stems in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 28.6, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 28.6, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 25.1. The average precision for roots in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 11.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 11.1, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Table 2. The number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 498, in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 155, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 653.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is evaluated using the average
precision metric. The average precision for leaves is 37.9, for flowers is 18.3, for fruits is 7.9,
for seeds is 0.0, for stems is 25.1, and for roots is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each
type of organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each type of organ in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Tables 1 and 5. The number of bounding boxes for leaves in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 3942, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1188, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 3362. The number of bounding boxes for flowers in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1588, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 485, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 1921. The number of bounding boxes for fruits in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 422, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 131, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 183. The number of bounding boxes for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 47. The number of bounding boxes for stems in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 1888, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 581, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 1063. The number of bounding boxes for roots in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 117, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 38, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 117.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the
model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is evaluated using the average precision metric. The average precision for leaves in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 47.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 47.1, and
in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 37.9. The average precision for flowers in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 22.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 22.1, and in
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 18.3. The average precision for fruits in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 9.5, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 9.5, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 7.9. The average precision for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 0.0, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 0.0, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 0.0. The average precision for stems in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 28.6, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 28.6, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 25.1. The average precision for roots in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 11.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 11.1, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of images in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Table 2. The number of images in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 498, in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 155, and in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 653.
Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know
the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The
performance of the model on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is evaluated using the average
precision metric. The average precision for leaves is 37.9, for flowers is 18.3, for fruits is 7.9,
for seeds is 0.0, for stems is 25.1, and for roots is 11.8.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the
provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you
don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the number of bounding boxes for each
type of organ in the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The number of bounding boxes for each type of organ in
the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is
given in Tables 1 and 5. The number of bounding boxes for leaves in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 3942, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1188, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 3362. The number of bounding boxes for flowers in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1588, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 485, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 1921. The number of bounding boxes for fruits in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 422, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 131, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 183. The number of bounding boxes for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 1, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 47. The number of bounding boxes for stems in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 1888, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 581, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 1063. The number of bounding boxes for roots in the MNHN Paris Herbarium
training dataset is 117, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 38, and in the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum dataset is 117.  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to
answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up
an answer.  Query: "What is the performance of the model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and
test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset?"  Helpful Answer: The performance of the
model on the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets and the Herbarium Senckenbergianum
dataset is evaluated using the average precision metric. The average precision for leaves in the
MNHN Paris Herbarium training dataset is 47.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 47.1, and
in the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 37.9. The average precision for flowers in the MNHN
Paris Herbarium training dataset is 22.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 22.1, and in
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 18.3. The average precision for fruits in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 9.5, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 9.5, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 7.9. The average precision for seeds in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 0.0, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 0.0, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 0.0. The average precision for stems in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 28.6, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 28.6, and in the
Herbarium Senckenbergianum dataset is 25.1. The average precision for roots in the MNHN Paris
Herbarium training dataset is 11.1, in the MNHN Paris Herbarium test dataset is 11.1