 The data is annotated with bounding boxes for six types of plant organs: leaves, flowers, fruits,
seeds, stems, and roots.  Introduction  Herbarium specimens are an invaluable resource for research
in various scientific contexts, such as taxonomy, evolution, ecology, and conservation. With the
increasing digitisation of herbarium collections, the amount of available data is growing rapidly.
However, the information contained in these images is not easily accessible and requires manual
annotation. The presence of certain plant organs on herbarium sheets is useful information in
various scientific contexts, such as taxonomy, evolution, ecology, and conservation. Automatic
recognition of these organs will help mobilise such information.  In this study, we use deep
learning to detect plant organs on digitised herbarium specimens. We use Faster R-CNN (Ren et al.
2015) to detect and localise six types of plant organs: leaves, flowers, fruits, seeds, stems, and
roots. We manually annotated hundreds of herbarium scans with thousands of bounding boxes for these
six types of plant organs and used them for training and evaluating the plant organ detection model.
Methods  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you
don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What
is the method used for plant organ detection?"  Helpful Answer: The method used for plant organ
detection is Faster R-CNN, a type of deep learning model.  Methods  We used Faster R-CNN (Ren et al.
2015) to detect and localise six types of plant organs: leaves, flowers, fruits, seeds, stems, and
roots. Faster R-CNN is a type of deep learning model that is widely used for object detection and
localisation in images. It is based on a convolutional neural network (CNN) and consists of two main
components: a region proposal network (RPN) and a Fast R-CNN detector. The RPN is responsible for
generating region proposals, which are potential bounding boxes around objects in the image. The
Fast R-CNN detector then classifies these region proposals and refines their bounding boxes.  We
used the TensorFlow Object Detection API (Huang et al. 2017) to implement Faster R-CNN. The API
provides a convenient way to train and use object detection models, including Faster R-CNN. It also
includes pre-trained models that can be fine-tuned for specific tasks, such as plant organ
detection.  We used the pre-trained Faster R-CNN model with a ResNet-101 (He et al. 2016) backbone
as the starting point for our plant organ detection model. We fine-tuned the model on our annotated
herbarium scans for 50,000 steps with a batch size of 1. We used a learning rate of 0.0002 and a
momentum of 0.9. We also used data augmentation techniques, such as random flipping, random
cropping, and random brightness and contrast adjustments, to increase the diversity of the training
data.  Data  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If
you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query:
"What is the data used for training and testing the model?"  Helpful Answer: The data used for
training and testing the model is a set of herbarium scans manually annotated with bounding boxes
for six types of plant organs.  Data  We used a set of herbarium scans manually annotated with
bounding boxes for six types of plant organs for training and testing the plant organ detection
model. The annotations were created using the LabelImg tool (Tzutalin 2015). We annotated a total of
653 herbarium scans, which resulted in 19,654 bounding boxes for the six types of plant organs. We
split the dataset into a training subset and a test subset, with 498 images in the training subset
and 155 images in the test subset. The number of annotated bounding boxes for each plant organ in
the training and test subsets is shown in Table 1.  Table 1. The number of annotated bounding boxes
for each plant organ in the training and test subsets.  Category Training subset (498 images) Test
subset (155 images)  Leaf 7886 2051  Flower 3179 763  Fruit 1047 296  Seed 4 6  Stem 3323 961  Root
78 60  Total 15517 4137  We also used a different un-annotated dataset to evaluate the performance
of the model with an average precision metric. We annotated around 200 of these scans by hand, based
on the predicted bounding boxes. The predicted bounding boxes dramatically reduced the time to
annotate these scans, since the predictions for leaves and stems were fairly accurate. After being
annotated, these scans were compared with the predictions to evaluate the precision of the organ
detection model on this dataset.  Results  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What are the results of the model evaluation?"  Helpful Answer: The
model performed well, based on visual inspection. In order to evaluate the performance of the model
with an average precision metric, around 200 of these scans were annotated by hand, based on the
predicted bounding boxes. The predicted bounding boxes dramatically reduced the time to annotate
these scans, since the predictions for leaves and stems were fairly accurate. After being annotated,
these scans were compared with the predictions to evaluate the precision of the organ detection
model on this dataset.  Results  The model performed well, based on visual inspection. In order to
evaluate the performance of the model with an average precision metric, around 200 of these scans
were annotated by hand, based on the predicted bounding boxes. The predicted bounding boxes
dramatically reduced the time to annotate these scans, since the predictions for leaves and stems
were fairly accurate. After being annotated, these scans were compared with the predictions to
evaluate the precision of the organ detection model on this dataset.  Table 4. Result of model
evaluation on the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset.  AP50 AP75 AP  32.1 16.1 16.8  Table
5. Average Precision of each type of organ along with the total bounding boxes for each category in
the Herbarium Senckenbergianum annotated dataset.  Category Bounding Boxes AP  Leaf 3362 37.9
Flower 1921 18.3  Fruit 183 7.9  Seed 47 0.0  Stem 1063 25.1  Root 117 11.8  Discussion  Question:
%INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer,
just say that you don't know, don't try to make up an answer.  Query: "What are the limitations of
the study?"  Helpful Answer: The study has some limitations, such as the use of a single herbarium
collection for training and testing the model, the limited number of plant organs detected, and the
limited diversity of the plant specimens.  Discussion  Our study has some limitations. First, we
used a single herbarium collection for training and testing the model. The training and test
datasets from MNHN Paris Herbarium are from the same collection, while the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum specimens are from an independent collection with different geographical and
taxonomic focus, but still with a number of higher taxa in common with MNHN Paris Herbarium. The
different datasets overlap mainly on the family level, partly on genus level and only slightly
between the MNHN Paris Herbarium training and test datasets at species level (Fig. 2, Suppl.
material 2). Therefore, we can exclude organ recognition being based upon species-specific features.
As in nature itself and the collections represented here, families are not represented equally.
Likewise, the number of labelled organs, represented in our dataset, is far from balanced and biased
both by the natural distribution of these organs in the sampled taxa and by the selection of
material by the collectors. Roots, for example, are mainly represented in Asteraceae and
Orchidaceae,  13  14  Younis S et al  which may be due to the fact that these families are well
represented in the herbarium collections. Second, we only detected six types of plant organs. There
are many other plant organs that could be detected and localised, such as buds, inflorescences, and
reproductive structures. Third, the plant specimens in our dataset are not very diverse. They are
all from herbarium collections and have been pressed and dried. This may limit the generalisability
of our results to other types of plant specimens, such as living plants or herbarium specimens that
have not been pressed and dried.  Conclusion  Question:  %INSTRUCTIONS: Use the provided pieces of
context to answer the query. If you don't know the answer, just say that you don't know, don't try
to make up an answer.  Query: "What is the main contribution of the study?"  Helpful Answer: The
main contribution of the study is the development of a deep learning model for detecting and
localising six types of plant organs on digitised herbarium specimens.  Conclusion  The main
contribution of our study is the development of a deep learning model for detecting and localising
six types of plant organs on digitised herbarium specimens. We used Faster R-CNN to train and
evaluate the plant organ detection model on a set of herbarium scans manually annotated with
bounding boxes for the six types of plant organs. The model performed well, based on visual
inspection. In order to evaluate the performance of the model with an average precision metric,
around 200 of these scans were annotated by hand, based on the predicted bounding boxes. The
predicted bounding boxes dramatically reduced the time to annotate these scans, since the
predictions for leaves and stems were fairly accurate. After being annotated, these scans were
compared with the predictions to evaluate the precision of the organ detection model on this
dataset.  Acknowledgements  We would like to thank the MNHN Paris Herbarium and the Herbarium
Senckenbergianum for providing the herbarium scans used in this study. We would also like to thank
the TensorFlow Object Detection API team for providing the pre-trained Faster R-CNN model and the
LabelImg team for providing the annotation tool.  References  Huang J, Wang Y, Weinberger KQ,
Darrell T (2017) Speed/accuracy trade-offs for modern convolutional object detectors. In:
Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, Honolulu, HI, USA,
21-26 July 2017, pp. 7612-7620.  He K, Zhang X, Ren S, Sun J (2016) Deep Residual Learning for Image
Recognition. In: Proceedings of the IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition, Las
Vegas, NV, USA, 27-30 June 2016, pp. 770-778.  Ren S, He K, Girshick R, Sun J (2015) Faster R-CNN:
Towards Real-Time Object Detection with Region Proposal Networks. In: Proceedings of the IEEE
International Conference on Computer Vision, Santiago, Chile, 7-13 December 2015, pp. 91-99.
Tzutalin (2015) LabelImg. https://github.com/tzutalin/labelImg (accessed 10 December 2020).
Supplementary material  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material
1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary
material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.
Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary
material 1.  Supplementary material 2.  Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material 2.
Supplementary material 1.  Supplementary material