 The model weights are updated every time the model is retrained with new data.  Challenge 3  We
increased the number of species in the TensorFlow reference library to 41 by adding 21 new,
undescribed species. We achieved 100% correct identification rate for 19, and 90% or above for 30,
species. The lowest identification rates were for closely-related species Platymantis isarog and P.
montanus, with 70 and 75% correct classification, respectively. The overall correct identification
rate was 92.7%.  Challenge 4  We used distributional data to create subsets of species, with the
goal of generating separate classification tasks with lower numbers of classes (species) per task
(local species pools, reflecting documented patterns of co-distributed species from the
archipelagoâ€™s faunal regions). We trained and tested the classifier employing the set of samples
from the species in each subset. We achieved 100% correct identification rate for 13, and 90% or
above for 14, subsets. The lowest identification rates were for subsets of species from the islands
of Luzon and Mindoro, with 80% correct classification. The overall correct identification rate was
95.3%.  Discussion  We demonstrate the efficacy of deep learning technology for reliably identifying
and distinguishing among closely-related frog species, as exemplified by single-note call segments.
We used TensorFlow to classify 20 species of Platymantis, and achieved 94.3% correct identification
rate. We also achieved 100% correct identification rate for 11, and 90% or above for 17, species.
The lowest identification rates were for closely-related species Platymantis isarog and P. montanus,
with 70 and 75% correct classification, respectively. We did not detect any systematic errors in
TensorFlow classification, such as repeatedly confusing one species with another.  We also tested
TensorFlow to identify species not in the reference library. We achieved 100% correct identification
rate for 19, and 90% or above for 30, species. The lowest identification rates were for closely-
related species Platymantis isarog and P. montanus, with 70 and 75% correct classification,
respectively. The overall correct identification rate was 92.7%.  We also tested TensorFlow to
identify all 41 species for which recordings are available. We achieved 100% correct identification
rate for 13, and 90% or above for 14, subsets. The lowest identification rates were for subsets of
species from the islands of Luzon and Mindoro, with 80% correct classification. The overall correct
identification rate was 95.3%.  Our results demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify
species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms. This is important because single-note
spectrograms are the most common type of data available for many species of frogs. Our results also
demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note
spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of
Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species
based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because
it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is
important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of
Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate
that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms
from species not in the reference library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are
being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify these species based on
single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all
41 species of Platymantis for which recordings are available. This is important because it
demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20
species used in the initial training.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to
identify species of Platymantis based on single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference
library. This is important because new species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it
is important to be able to identify these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results
also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify all 41 species of Platymantis for which
recordings are available. This is important because it demonstrates that TensorFlow can be used to
identify all species of Platymantis, not just the 20 species used in the initial training.  Our
results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can be used to identify species of Platymantis based on
single-note spectrograms from species not in the reference library. This is important because new
species of Platymantis are being discovered regularly, and it is important to be able to identify
these species based on single-note spectrograms.  Our results also demonstrate that TensorFlow can
be used to identify all 41