 Yes, the authors used different metrics for different problems.  Query: "What are the different
metrics used for different problems?"  Helpful Answer: The authors used the following metrics for
the following problems:  * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the
authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in
a population, the authors used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the
problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of
population size. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors
used the metric of population density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the
number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem
of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the metric of population
density. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a population, the authors used the
metric of population abundance. * For the problem of estimating the number of animals in a
population, the authors used the metric of population size. * For the problem of