 The raw data for this study was collected using remote sensing data and plant species occurrence
records. The remote sensing data was collected using multitemporal Landsat 8 images, which were
preprocessed using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were
collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the
Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for
the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  Additional Information:
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine
platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the
National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to
estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which
has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected
using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the
Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest
Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean
Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data
from Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species
occurrence records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of
Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the
potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited
survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from Landsat 8, which was collected using the
Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence records were collected from the Korea
National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological Resources, and the Korea Forest Service.
These records were used to estimate the potential plant species richness for the Korean Peninsula,
including North Korea, which has limited survey data.  The study used remote sensing data from
Landsat 8, which was collected using the Google Earth Engine platform. The plant species occurrence
records were collected from the Korea National Arboretum, the National Institute of Biological
Resources, and the Korea Forest Service. These records were used to estimate the potential plant
species richness for the Korean Peninsula, including North Korea, which has limited survey data.
The study used remote sensing